Installed Packages
AtomicParsley.x86_64                                 0.9.5-19.fc36                        @fedora                                     
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.70-1.fc36                   @updates                                    
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:6.9.12.70-1.fc36                   @updates                                    
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.20.2-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.18.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.18.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.38.6-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
R-core.x86_64                                        4.1.3-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
R-evaluate.noarch                                    0.14-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
R-glue.x86_64                                        1.4.2-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
R-highr.noarch                                       0.9-5.fc36                           @fedora                                     
R-knitr.noarch                                       1.33-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
R-magrittr.x86_64                                    2.0.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
R-markdown.x86_64                                    1.1-9.fc36                           @fedora                                     
R-mime.x86_64                                        0.10-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
R-stringi.x86_64                                     1.6.2-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
R-stringr.noarch                                     1.4.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
R-xfun.x86_64                                        0.23-3.fc36~bootstrap                @fedora                                     
R-yaml.x86_64                                        2.2.1-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.26.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
Thunar.x86_64                                        4.16.11-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.101-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.43.rc5.fc36                  @fedora                                     
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
abrt.x86_64                                          2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.15.1-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                           2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
accountsservice.x86_64                               0.6.55-9.fc36                        @fedora                                     
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          0.6.55-9.fc36                        @fedora                                     
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.1-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230118-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230118-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-1.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-12.fc36                  @anaconda                                   
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
alacritty.x86_64                                     0.10.1-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.21-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20230117-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
anaconda.x86_64                                      36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              36.16.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
annobin-docs.noarch                                  10.93-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            10.93-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-8.1.fc36                           @updates                                    
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20211224-5.fc36                @updates                                    
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-33.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.0-16.fc36                        @fedora                                     
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.1-20.fc36                        @fedora                                     
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.1-20.fc36                        @fedora                                     
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.1-20.fc36                        @fedora                                     
arduino-listSerialPortsC.x86_64                      1.4.0-12.fc36                        @fedora                                     
asymptote.x86_64                                     2.83-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.38.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.44.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
atk.x86_64                                           2.38.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-26.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
audit.x86_64                                         3.0.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.0.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
authselect.x86_64                                    1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
autotrace.x86_64                                     0.31.9-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                                    
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                                    
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                                    
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-16.fc36                          @updates                                    
b43-firmware.noarch                                  6.30.163.46-10.fc36                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-tainted                  
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-21.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-28.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.92-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
baobab.x86_64                                        42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
basesystem.noarch                                    11-13.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.15-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.1-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
biber.noarch                                         2.17-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.16.37-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.16.37-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.16.37-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
binutils.x86_64                                      2.37-37.fc36                         @updates                                    
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.37-37.fc36                         @updates                                    
biosdevname.x86_64                                   0.7.3-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.4.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.3.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
blueberry.noarch                                     1.4.7-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
bluez.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                                    
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                                    
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                                    
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.66-4.fc36                          @updates                                    
bluez-tools.x86_64                                   0.2.0-0.18.git20170912.7cb788c.fc36  @fedora                                     
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.2-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.76.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
broadcom-bt-firmware.noarch                          12.0.1.1105-12.fc36                  @rpmfusion-nonfree-tainted                  
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.9-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.1.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.5.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
bullet.x86_64                                        3.08-3.fc36                          @fedora                                     
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-11.fc36                        @fedora                                     
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.17.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60-1.0.fc36                   @updates                                    
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.59.beta20.fc36                @fedora                                     
cairo.x86_64                                         1.17.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.17.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.2-22.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
catdoc.x86_64                                        0.95-12.fc36                         @fedora                                     
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-5.fc36                         @updates                                    
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-39.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
cfitsio.x86_64                                       4.0.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
cheese.x86_64                                        2:41.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:41.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.21-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
chrony.x86_64                                        4.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    6.15-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               6.15-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:41-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:41-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
clipman.x86_64                                       1.6.1-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc36  @updates                                    
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc36  @updates                                    
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-9.fc36                        @updates                                    
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-13.fc36                        @fedora                                     
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.25.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
cmatrix.x86_64                                       2.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                     
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-28.fc36                            @anaconda                                   
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.6-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.6-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                4.4.3-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-20.fc36                        @fedora                                     
comps-extras.noarch                                  24-11.fc36                           @fedora                                     
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.199.0-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-66.fc36                          @updates                                    
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-66.fc36                          @updates                                    
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.0-9.fc36                           @updates                                    
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.0-9.fc36                           @updates                                    
cowsay.noarch                                        3.7.0-6.fc36                         @updates                                    
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-12.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
cpp.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.6-28.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.6-28.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.20.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.20.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
criu.x86_64                                          3.17.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.17.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
crun.x86_64                                          1.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
crypto-policies.noarch                               20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36           @updates                                    
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36           @updates                                    
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.28.16-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                          1.28.16-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.28.16-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.2-5.fc36                       @updates                                    
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.6-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
curl.x86_64                                          7.82.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      75-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.27-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
dash.x86_64                                          0.5.10.2-10.fc36                     @fedora                                     
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   75-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   32-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.28.20160218.fc36             @fedora                                     
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
deepin-qt-dbus-factory.x86_64                        5.5.22-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
deepin-session-shell.x86_64                          5.5.24-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
default-editor.noarch                                6.0-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-18.fc36                         @fedora                                     
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-18.fc36                         @fedora                                     
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                            2.37-18.fc36                         @fedora                                     
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.2-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    36.0.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     36.0.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.175-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
dex-autostart.noarch                                 0.9.0-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc36                   @updates                                    
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc36                   @updates                                    
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.8-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.82-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
dmenu.x86_64                                         5.1-1.fc36                           @fedora                                     
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.3-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
dmraid.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                   @anaconda                                   
dmraid-events.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                   @anaconda                                   
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                   @anaconda                                   
dnf.noarch                                           4.14.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.14.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
dnfdaemon.noarch                                     0.3.20-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                             0.3.20-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
dnfdragora.noarch                                    2.1.2-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.86-10.fc36                         @updates                                    
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-79.fc36                          @fedora                                     
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-16.fc36                       @fedora                                     
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.2-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-28.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
dracut.x86_64                                        057-3.fc36                           @updates                                    
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          057-3.fc36                           @updates                                    
dracut-live.x86_64                                   057-3.fc36                           @updates                                    
dracut-network.x86_64                                057-3.fc36                           @updates                                    
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 057-3.fc36                           @updates                                    
drpm.x86_64                                          0.5.1-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
dtkcommon.x86_64                                     5.5.22-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
dtkcore.x86_64                                       5.5.30-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
dtkgui.x86_64                                        5.5.22-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
dtkwidget.x86_64                                     5.5.41-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
dunst.x86_64                                         1.9.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
dvb-firmware.noarch                                  20210719-1.git0eaf5b3.fc36           @rpmfusion-nonfree                          
dwz.x86_64                                           0.14-4.fc36                          @updates                                    
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                              0.2.2-22.fc36                        @fedora                                     
ed.x86_64                                            1.14.2-12.fc36                       @fedora                                     
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-5.fc36                             @anaconda                                   
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-5.fc36                             @fedora                                     
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    16-12.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   38-6.fc36                            @updates                                    
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.188-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
elixir.x86_64                                        1.14.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:28.2-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
embree.x86_64                                        3.13.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-30.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.3.2-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
erlang-asn1.x86_64                                   24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-compiler.x86_64                               24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-crypto.x86_64                                 24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-erts.x86_64                                   24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-inets.x86_64                                  24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-kernel.x86_64                                 24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-mnesia.x86_64                                 24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-parsetools.x86_64                             24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-public_key.x86_64                             24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-runtime_tools.x86_64                          24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-sasl.x86_64                                   24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-ssl.x86_64                                    24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-stdlib.x86_64                                 24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
erlang-tools.x86_64                                  24.3.4.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.50-7.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
evince.x86_64                                        42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
evince-libs.x86_64                                   42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
evince-previewer.x86_64                              42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            42.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.44.4-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.44.4-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.fc36    @anaconda                                   
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
exo.x86_64                                           4.16.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
expat.x86_64                                         2.5.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
f36-backgrounds-base.noarch                          36.1.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
f36-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         36.1.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
faad2-libs.x86_64                                    1:2.10.1-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
fcft.x86_64                                          3.1.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-24.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        1.2-3.fc36                           @updates                                    
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-2.fc36                             @anaconda                                   
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               36-5                                 @updates                                    
fedora-logos.noarch                                  36.0.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
fedora-release-common.noarch                         36-21                                @updates                                    
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           36-21                                @updates                                    
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    36-21                                @updates                                    
fedora-repos.noarch                                  36-5                                 @updates                                    
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                          36-5                                 @updates                                    
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch               35-3.fc36                            @anaconda                                   
feh.x86_64                                           3.9.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
ffmpeg.x86_64                                        5.0.2-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                   5.0.2-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
figlet.x86_64                                        2.2.5-23.20151018gita565ae1.fc36     @fedora                                     
file.x86_64                                          5.41-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.41-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
firefox.x86_64                                       109.0.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
firewalld.noarch                                     1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fish.x86_64                                          3.6.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.4-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
flameshot.x86_64                                     12.1.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.2-8.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.12.7-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.12.7-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.12.7-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.12.7-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                               2.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                             1:4.7.0-13.fc36                      @fedora                                     
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.14.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
fontforge.x86_64                                     20220308-1.fc36                      @fedora                                     
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-7.fc36                       @fedora                                     
foot.x86_64                                          1.13.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
foot-terminfo.x86_64                                 1.13.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.3.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-5.fc36                           @fedora                                     
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.2.2-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
freeipmi.x86_64                                      1.6.10-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.9.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
freetype.x86_64                                      2.12.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.12.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                1.7.0-14.fc36                        @fedora                                     
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.11-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
fros.noarch                                          1.1-28.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-28.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.10.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.9-6.fc36                           @updates                                    
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.10.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.8.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.6-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
garcon.x86_64                                        4.16.1-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-20.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gawk.x86_64                                          5.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gc.x86_64                                            8.0.6-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
gcc.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
gcr.x86_64                                           3.41.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gcr-base.x86_64                                      3.41.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gdb.x86_64                                           12.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  12.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.22-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.9-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.9-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.9-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-4.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gdm.x86_64                                           1:42.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.38-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.6.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-6.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-6.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
gettext.x86_64                                       0.21-9.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.21-9.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
ghc-X11.x86_64                                       1.10-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
ghc-base.x86_64                                      4.14.2.0-117.fc36                    @fedora                                     
ghc-data-default-class.x86_64                        0.1.2.0-17.fc36                      @fedora                                     
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.5.0-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-14.fc36                        @updates                                    
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.10.32-3.fc36                     @updates                                    
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.10.32-3.fc36                     @updates                                    
girara.x86_64                                        0.3.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
git.x86_64                                           2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
git-core.x86_64                                      2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gjs.x86_64                                           1.72.2-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.72.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
glib2.x86_64                                         2.72.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.72.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
glibc.x86_64                                         2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.35-22.fc36                         @updates                                    
glibmm24.x86_64                                      2.66.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                                   
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              4-15.fc36                            @fedora                                     
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.3-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:42.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gnome-bluetooth3.34.x86_64                           3.34.5-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gnome-bluetooth3.34-libs.x86_64                      3.34.5-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-7.fc36                        @fedora                                     
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          42.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               42.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                42.8-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                42.8-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                              3.12.0-17.fc36                       @fedora                                     
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 42.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             42.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.44.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          42.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-session.x86_64                                 42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         42.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   42.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.3.7-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.3.7-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.7.8-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.72.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
godot.x86_64                                         3.4.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
golang.x86_64                                        1.18.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.18.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
golang-src.noarch                                    1.18.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.18.20130920.fc36             @anaconda                                   
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-12.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20201206-4.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20211102-1.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-math-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20201206-10.fc36                     @updates                                    
gparted.x86_64                                       1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.17.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.17.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
gpick.x86_64                                         0.2.6-32.20210528git0e858d3.fc36     @fedora                                     
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-40.fc36                       @fedora                                     
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-9.fc36                        @fedora                                     
graphviz.x86_64                                      2.50.0-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
grep.x86_64                                          3.7-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.15-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
grim.x86_64                                          1.4.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.4-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-61.fc36                       @updates                                    
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-67.fc36                         @updates                                    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
gsettings-qt.x86_64                                  0-0.25.20180723bzr85.fc36            @fedora                                     
gsl.x86_64                                           2.6-6.fc36                           @fedora                                     
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.19-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
gspell.x86_64                                        1.10.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.4.0.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.8.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.20.3-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.20.3-3.fc36                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                      
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64              1:1.20.3-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                       1:1.20.3-1.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.20.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.35-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-8.fc36                       @fedora                                     
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.35-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.6.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
gtkmm30.x86_64                                       3.24.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.3-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-41.20121130.fc36               @fedora                                     
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.4.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.2.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.50.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
gwenview.x86_64                                      1:22.12.0-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
gwenview-libs.x86_64                                 1:22.12.0-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
gzip.x86_64                                          1.11-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      4.0.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                4.0.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  4.0.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
hddtemp.x86_64                                       0.3-0.50.beta15.fc36                 @fedora                                     
hdparm.x86_64                                        9.63-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-26.fc36                 @anaconda                                   
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-13.fc36                         @updates                                    
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
hplip.x86_64                                         3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                                    
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                                    
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                                    
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                              1:1.001-6.20200428git336a529.fc36    @anaconda                                   
htop.x86_64                                          3.2.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
hugo.x86_64                                          0.93.3-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-22.fc36                 @anaconda                                   
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-22.fc36                 @anaconda                                   
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-22.fc36                 @anaconda                                   
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
hwdata.noarch                                        0.366-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @updates                                    
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @updates                                    
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @updates                                    
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @updates                                    
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc36              @updates                                    
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-17.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-17.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
i3.x86_64                                            4.22-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
i3-config.noarch                                     4.22-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
i3lock.x86_64                                        2.14.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
i3status.x86_64                                      2.14-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
i3status-config.noarch                               2.14-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.26-9.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.14-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.14-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.26-9.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.26-9.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.13.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.26-9.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.18-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.26-9.fc36                        @updates                                    
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
ilbc.x86_64                                          1.1.1-22.fc36                        @fedora                                     
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.4-5.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.7.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
imsettings.x86_64                                    1.8.3-8.fc36                         @updates                                    
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                          1.8.3-8.fc36                         @updates                                    
imsettings-libs.x86_64                               1.8.3-8.fc36                         @updates                                    
info.x86_64                                          6.8-3.fc36                           @fedora                                     
inih.x86_64                                          56-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-9.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.16-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.16-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.16-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20230117-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
intel-media-driver.x86_64                            22.3.1-3.fc36                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                  
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                22.3.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
inxi.noarch                                          3.3.24-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
ipmitool.x86_64                                      1.8.18-25.fc36                       @fedora                                     
iproute.x86_64                                       5.15.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
ipset.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc36.1                        @updates                                    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.15-5.fc36.1                        @updates                                    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.7-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.7-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.6-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
iputils.x86_64                                       20221126-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36            @anaconda                                   
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36            @anaconda                                   
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.9.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-15.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
iw.x86_64                                            5.9-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
iwd.x86_64                                           1.29-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-146.fc36                   @updates                                    
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-146.fc36                 @updates                                    
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-146.fc36                @updates                                    
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-146.fc36                   @updates                                    
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-146.fc36                 @updates                                    
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-146.fc36                   @updates                                    
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-146.fc36                   @updates                                    
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-146.fc36                @updates                                    
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                             20230117-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   2.0.33-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.6.0.10-1.fc36                 @updates                                    
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.0.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-23.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-35.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-13.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
json-c.x86_64                                        0.15-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.6.6-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
jwhois.x86_64                                        4.0-67.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             0.6.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-37.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-37.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
kbd.x86_64                                           2.4.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.4.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.4.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
kcolorpicker.x86_64                                  0.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                4-67.fc36                            @fedora                                     
kde-settings.noarch                                  36.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-6.20220128git9603258.fc36        @anaconda                                   
kernel.x86_64                                        6.1.7-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel.x86_64                                        6.1.8-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel.x86_64                                        6.1.11-100.fc36                      @updates                                    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.1.7-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.1.8-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.1.11-100.fc36                      @updates                                    
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.1.5-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.1.7-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.1.8-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.1.11-100.fc36                      @updates                                    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.1.7-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.1.8-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.1.11-100.fc36                      @updates                                    
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-14.fc36                          @fedora                                     
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  6.1.5-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             6.1.5-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.25-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-13.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
kf5-baloo-libs.x86_64                                5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                     5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                   5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            5.101.0-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                 5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kfilemetadata.x86_64                             5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                         5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kimageformats.x86_64                             5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                     5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                  5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                   5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                  5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kitemmodels.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                    5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                  5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-libkdcraw.x86_64                                 22.12.0-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-solid.x86_64                                     5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                               5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                 5.101.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                         5.0-35.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
kimageannotator.x86_64                               0.6.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
kmod.x86_64                                          29-7.fc36                            @anaconda                                   
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     29-7.fc36                            @anaconda                                   
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.8.7-9.fc36                         @updates                                    
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.19.2-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.13-28.fc36                         @fedora                                     
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-25.fc36                          @updates                                    
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-25.fc36                          @updates                                    
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-25.fc36                          @updates                                    
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.61-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
latexmk.noarch                                       4.79-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
lazygit.x86_64                                       0.37.0-1.fc36                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazygit
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.13.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
less.x86_64                                          590-5.fc36                           @updates                                    
libEMF.x86_64                                        1.0.13-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libRmath.x86_64                                      4.1.3-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libX11.x86_64                                        1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                                     
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.7.3.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.9-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.14-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.4-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.4-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-10.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.15-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-16.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-16.fc36                       @fedora                                     
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-16.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-16.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.12-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-18.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-42.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.2.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-22.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libaom.x86_64                                        3.2.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libappindicator.x86_64                               12.10.0-32.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.0-32.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.5.3-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
libargon2.x86_64                                     20171227-9.fc36                      @updates                                    
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.5-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-22.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-22.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libatomic.x86_64                                     12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-17.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libavdevice.x86_64                                   5.0.2-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
libavif.x86_64                                       0.9.3-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.8-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-50.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:0.7.0-3.fc36                       @updates                                    
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-28.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.4-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.59.beta20.fc36                @fedora                                     
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-28.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.7.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-36.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-6.fc36                    @anaconda                                   
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-13.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-50.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libconfuse.x86_64                                    3.3-7.fc36                           @updates                                    
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libcurl.x86_64                                       7.82.0-12.fc36                       @updates                                    
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-23.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libdav1d.x86_64                                      0.9.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-51.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-19.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                              16.04.0-19.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-19.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.6-7.fc36                         @updates                                    
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-7.fc36                         @updates                                    
libde265.x86_64                                      1.0.9-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.1.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-50.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.10-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libdmx.x86_64                                        1.1.4-12.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.68.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                     1.3.3-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libdvdcss.x86_64                                     1.4.3-3.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free-tainted                     
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-19.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libebml.x86_64                                       1.4.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.4.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-41.20210910cvs.fc36              @anaconda                                   
libell.x86_64                                        0.52-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-18.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @fedora                                     
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20230117-146.fc36                  @updates                                    
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.10-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.2-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.2-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.10.0-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.4-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                   0.1.1-3.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free                             
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-7.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.4-6.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libgcc.x86_64                                        12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-4.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-26.fc36                          @fedora                                     
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libgfortran.x86_64                                   12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.4.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                    
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.4.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                    
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.4.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                    
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.4.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                    
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.4.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                    
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.26.1-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libgomp.x86_64                                       12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.45-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.30-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-41.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libgs.x86_64                                         9.56.1-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.47-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.40.0-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libgudev.x86_64                                      237-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.3.10-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libgweather.x86_64                                   40.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                     
libgweather4.x86_64                                  4.0.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-25.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libibverbs.x86_64                                    39.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.14-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.14-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libicu.x86_64                                        69.1-6.fc36                          @updates                                    
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  69.1-6.fc36                          @updates                                    
libidn.x86_64                                        1.38-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-38.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-15.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libimagequant.x86_64                                 2.17.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libindicator.x86_64                                  12.10.1-22.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                             12.10.1-22.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-50.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libinput.x86_64                                      1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libinstpatch.x86_64                                  1.1.6-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.5-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.4-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.12-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libjose.x86_64                                       11-5.fc36                            @anaconda                                   
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.1.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libjxl.x86_64                                        0.6.1-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-24.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.3-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.3-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-10.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
libldb.x86_64                                        2.5.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.22.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                3.22.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-19.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libmad.x86_64                                        0.15.1b-33.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libmarkdown.x86_64                                   2.2.7-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libmatroska.x86_64                                   1.7.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.7.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.26.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.26.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libmd.x86_64                                         1.0.4-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-25.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmicrodns.x86_64                                   0.2.0-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-15.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.4-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-14.fc36                    @fedora                                     
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.14.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmount.x86_64                                      2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.2.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.2.6-29.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-24.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.7.alpha.fc36                @anaconda                                   
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-19.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.18-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.21-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libnet.x86_64                                        1.2-5.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.8-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-21.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.2-0.fc36                       @updates                                    
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.51.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.19-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libnma.x86_64                                        1.8.38-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.8.38-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.7.12-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.10-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-18.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.17.2-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.10.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-13.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.28-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-50.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.3-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.32.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.32.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.32.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.12.11-11.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.6.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.6.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.5-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libplacebo.x86_64                                    4.192.1-1.fc36                       @fedora                                     
libplist.x86_64                                      2.2.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-12.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.37-12.fc36                     @fedora                                     
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.18-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                           0.4.18-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.30.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.30.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.0.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libquadmath.x86_64                                   12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-13.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-15.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-50.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-data.noarch                              1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                        1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                     @updates                                    
librepo.x86_64                                       1.15.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
librewolf.x86_64                                     109.0.1-2.fc37                       @repository                                 
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.54.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
librtmp.x86_64                                       2.4-21.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc36      @rpmfusion-free                             
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.27-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.22.10-3.fc36                       @updates                                    
libsass.x86_64                                       3.6.4-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libsbc.x86_64                                        1.5-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libseat.x86_64                                       0.7.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.3-4.fc36                           @fedora                                     
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.3-3.fc36                           @fedora                                     
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-23.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libserialport.x86_64                                 0.1.1-13.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2021.3-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.3-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.8-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.6.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.3-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libsmi.x86_64                                        0.4.8-30.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-9.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.22-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.0.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libspatialaudio.x86_64                               3.1-6.20200406gitd926a2e.fc36        @fedora                                     
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.9-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libspiro.x86_64                                      20200505-5.fc36                      @fedora                                     
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libss.x86_64                                         1.46.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libssh.x86_64                                        0.9.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.9.6-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.10.0-4.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                     12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-18.585svn.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libtermkey.x86_64                                    0.22-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.12.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-31.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
libtiger.x86_64                                      0.3.4-23.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.1-11.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.3-0.fc36                         @updates                                    
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.3.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.20.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libubsan.x86_64                                      12.2.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.4-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.0-1.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.6.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libupnp.x86_64                                       1.14.15-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
liburing.x86_64                                      2.0-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
libusb.x86_64                                        1:0.1.7-7.fc36                       @fedora                                     
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.25-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libuser.x86_64                                       0.63-10.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.44.2-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.22.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libva.x86_64                                         2.14.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                            2.4.1-8.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free                             
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                     
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-35.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-12.fc36                       @fedora                                     
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.11.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.9.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.12-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-3.fc36                          @updates                                    
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.12.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.12-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-9.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.33-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                    4.16.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libxfce4util.x86_64                                  4.16.0-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.4.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.4.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-20.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.10.3-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.10.3-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.10-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-10.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.37-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
libyui.x86_64                                        4.2.16-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libyui-gtk.x86_64                                    2.52.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libyui-mga.x86_64                                    1.2.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libyui-mga-gtk.x86_64                                1.2.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libyui-mga-ncurses.x86_64                            1.2.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libyui-mga-qt.x86_64                                 1.2.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libyui-ncurses.x86_64                                4.2.16-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libyui-qt.x86_64                                     4.2.16-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.6.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
libzip.x86_64                                        1.8.0-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-20.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.2-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
lightdm.x86_64                                       1.32.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                               1.32.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                   2.0.8-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
lightdm-qt5.x86_64                                   1.32.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.12-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230117-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230117-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-34.fc36                       @fedora                                     
live555.x86_64                                       2022.10.01-1.fc36                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.18-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     14.0.5-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
llvm13-libs.x86_64                                   13.0.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.6.0-11.fc36                        @fedora                                     
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-11.fc36                        @fedora                                     
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.29-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.fc36          @anaconda                                   
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.20.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-5.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-28.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-55.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.19.2-6.fc36                     @fedora                                     
lsof.x86_64                                          4.94.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.4-7.fc36                         @updates                                    
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.4-7.fc36                         @updates                                    
lua-posix.x86_64                                     35.1-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-6.fc36                             @fedora                                     
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.0-0.25beta3.fc36                 @updates                                    
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.44.2.1-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.2-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.11-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.11-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.11-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
lxappearance.x86_64                                  0.6.3-13.D20200807gitd132fdd8.fc36.2 @fedora                                     
lxsession.x86_64                                     0.5.5-7.D20210130git8543c00a.fc36.2  @fedora                                     
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.3-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-26.fc36                        @updates                                    
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-26.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.53-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
make.x86_64                                          1:4.3-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.10.3-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.10.3-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.10.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.10.3-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
man-db.x86_64                                        2.10.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
man-pages.noarch                                     5.13-4.fc36                          @updates                                    
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.2.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.2.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-1.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
media-player-info.noarch                             23-10.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.0.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
meld.noarch                                          3.22.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.1.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.1-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-51.1.fc36                      @updates                                    
miniupnpc.x86_64                                     2.2.4-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                               2.2.1-2.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free                             
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.15-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20210805-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-3.fc36                       @updates                                    
most.x86_64                                          5.1.0-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-28.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                      
mozjs91.x86_64                                       91.13.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-13.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.1.0-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mpv.x86_64                                           0.34.1-3.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free                             
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-9.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.42-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
mutter.x86_64                                        42.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
mypaint.x86_64                                       2.0.1-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mypaint-brushes.noarch                               1.3.1-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mypaint-data.noarch                                  2.0.1-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mypaint2-brushes.noarch                              2.0.2-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.4-18.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-33.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
nano.x86_64                                          6.0-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
nano-default-editor.noarch                           6.0-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                                   
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.2-9.20210508.fc36                  @anaconda                                   
ndctl.x86_64                                         75-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    75-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
neovim.x86_64                                        0.8.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.62.20160912git.fc36            @updates                                    
netavark.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.00.00-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
nettle.x86_64                                        3.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.26.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.2-0.fc36                       @updates                                    
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.1-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                               3-6.fc36                             @fedora                                     
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.26.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.93-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:16.18.1-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:16.18.1-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:16.18.1-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:16.18.1-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
nouveau-firmware.noarch                              340.32-9.fc36                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-tainted                  
npm.x86_64                                           1:8.19.2-1.16.18.1.1.fc36            @updates                                    
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-8.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
nss.x86_64                                           3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.87.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                   @updates                                    
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                   @updates                                    
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-9.fc36                           @updates                                    
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                   @updates                                    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.14-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20230117-146.fc36                    @updates                                    
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             6-6.fc36                             @fedora                                     
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
oldstandard-sfd-fonts.noarch                         2.0.2-31.fc36                        @fedora                                     
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.1.5-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.1.5-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.21.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.19-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.19-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-11.fc36                            @fedora                                     
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
openh264.x86_64                                      2.3.1-1.fc36                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                      
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.4.0-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
openldap-compat.x86_64                               2.6.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-28.fc36                      @fedora                                     
opensc.x86_64                                        0.22.0-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
openssh.x86_64                                       8.8p1-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                                   
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.8p1-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                                   
openssh-server.x86_64                                8.8p1-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                                   
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
openssl1.1.x86_64                                    1:1.1.1q-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.31-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.77-9.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20221130-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.10.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
ostree.x86_64                                        2022.5-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2022.5-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.24.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-22.fc36                        @fedora                                     
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.4-14.fc36                          @fedora                                     
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.2-13.fc36                        @updates                                    
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-13.fc36                        @updates                                    
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-16.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
pandoc.x86_64                                        2.14.0.3-16.fc36                     @fedora                                     
pandoc-common.noarch                                 2.14.0.3-16.fc36                     @fedora                                     
pango.x86_64                                         1.50.9-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
paper.x86_64                                         2.3-4.fc36                           @fedora                                     
paps.x86_64                                          0.7.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
parted.x86_64                                        3.4-13.fc36                          @updates                                    
pass.noarch                                          1.7.4-6.fc36                         @updates                                    
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-12.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.2-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-16.fc36                        @fedora                                     
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   5.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                     
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-9.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.9.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc36.1                        @anaconda                                   
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.45-1.fc36.1                        @fedora                                     
pcre-devel.x86_64                                    8.45-1.fc36.1                        @fedora                                     
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                    8.45-1.fc36.1                        @fedora                                     
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                    8.45-1.fc36.1                        @fedora                                     
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.40-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.40-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.40-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
pdfpc.x86_64                                         4.6.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                           1.2010-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                 7.17-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                              0.17-16.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                              2.40-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.16-26.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.82-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                       0.26-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-BibTeX-Parser.noarch                            1.03-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                               7.4-25.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                            3.007-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                       20210112.006-4.fc36                  @fedora                                     
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                            1.202-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                            1.004-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.52-479.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                6.08-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.09-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-9.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                   2.13-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                          1.6-5.fc36                           @fedora                                     
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                         1.19-26.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.45-7.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.101-480.fc36                       @fedora                                     
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                        2.201-7.fc36                         @updates                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.101-481.fc36                       @updates                                    
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.33-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                           4.27-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Crypt-RC4.noarch                                2.02-31.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                             1.27-8.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-3.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.183-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.112-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                              0.12-27.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                6.4-21.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                             0.005-14.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.90-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                 2:1.57-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                 0.107-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                  0.8300-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                 1:1.79-4.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                          1.36-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                        2.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                0.010-15.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                 0.011-15.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                        0.008-15.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                             2.06-27.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-17.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                           0.05-28.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                         1:2.04-11.fc36                       @fedora                                     
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Digest-MD4.x86_64                               1.9-30.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-479.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Digest-Perl-MD5.noarch                          1.9-25.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.03-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                              2.13-35.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                1.05-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                      0.11-24.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.50-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                     0.003-14.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.005-21.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.17-485.fc36                      @updates                                    
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-22.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Env.noarch                                      1.05-479.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.33-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-8.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                             0.14-17.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                          1.45-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.76-480.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.006000-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.64-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.14-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.600-486.fc36                   @fedora                                     
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.35-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                      0.45-8.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.39-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                           0.34-20.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                             1.006-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.15-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-479.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.013-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-479.fc36                 @anaconda                                   
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.27-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.09-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.61-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
perl-FindBin.noarch                                  1.52-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                                 1.20-39.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-GD.x86_64                                       2.76-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                               1.15-40.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-38.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.39.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
perl-Guard.x86_64                                    1.023-23.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-HTML-Form.noarch                                6.07-7.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                           2.16-18.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.81-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-49.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                1:5.07-18.fc36                       @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.10-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.05-8.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.36-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-31.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.082-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.21-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.19-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.46-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.102-481.fc36                       @updates                                    
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                         2.101-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-480.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.074-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-44.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                  1:1.11-479.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                               2.113-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-480.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.21-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                 0.048-24.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-480.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-7.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.05-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                  1:4.03-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Jcode.noarch                                    2.07-37.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.10-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-LaTeX-ToUnicode.noarch                          0.11-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                 0.011-18.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                              0.009-28.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                          0.29-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                            0.19-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                           0.58-8.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                             0.12-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.29-480.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-486.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                             2.70-6.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                  1.38-3.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                             1.54-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-479.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.012.2-16.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                3.033-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.22-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-17.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.30-1.fc36                   @updates                                    
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20230220-1.fc36                  @updates                                    
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                    0.09-32.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-479.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-479.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000037-479.fc36                    @fedora                                     
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-14.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20211001-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.15-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-23.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-31.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.22-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-17.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                           0.03-31.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch                         0.20-8.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.50-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    1.97-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-24.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                            0.40-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                         0.29-12.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                2.5-5.fc36                           @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-479.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                          0.015-15.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                          1.31-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                0.30-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                         1.967015-16.fc36                     @fedora                                     
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.80-479.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.009-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-479.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.27-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-480.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.43-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.01-479.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                 0.204-13.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                              0.117-14.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                            2017060201-17.fc36                   @fedora                                     
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                2.002004-5.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.43-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-489.fc36                      @updates                                    
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.036-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                 1.33-23.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Specio.noarch                                   0.47-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.x86_64                   0.6500-31.fc36                       @fedora                                     
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch                   2.40-24.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.25-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.988-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-17.fc36                     @fedora                                     
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                             0.14-18.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.928-30.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.23-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-480.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                              1.06-13.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-480.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-479.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-12.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.04-479.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                              0.88-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                 2.01-3.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Text-CSV_XS.x86_64                              1.47-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                1.45-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-16.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                               3.5-21.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-21.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2021.0814-2.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-17.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-486.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                1.227-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-479.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9767-480.fc36                    @fedora                                     
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-479.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-7.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Tk.x86_64                                       804.036-5.fc36                       @fedora                                     
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                         1.01-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch                            1.20171012-13.fc35                   @fedora                                     
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.10-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                   12.0-7.fc35                          @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-12.fc36                     @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-Map.x86_64                              0.112-56.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.28-479.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.75-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                           0.62-15.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                            2.07-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-31.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                               0.81-43.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0207-5.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                        1.01-8.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                              2.002.000-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-16.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.46-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-9.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-16.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                               0.900-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.44-12.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-XString.x86_64                                  0.005-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-YAML-Tiny.noarch                                1.73-14.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.34-480.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-autouse.noarch                                  1.11-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-autovivification.x86_64                         0.18-15.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-common-sense.x86_64                             3.7.5-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-480.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-485.fc36                      @updates                                    
perl-if.noarch                                       0.60.900-486.fc36                    @anaconda                                   
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.34.1-486.fc36                    @anaconda                                   
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                             1.32-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.13-480.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.34.1-486.fc36                    @anaconda                                   
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.67-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.34.1-486.fc36                      @fedora                                     
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.25-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                      0.29-10.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                          0.27-19.fc36                         @fedora                                     
perl-open.noarch                                     1.12-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.33-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.238-479.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:4.14-479.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.09-486.fc36                        @fedora                                     
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-43.fc36                            @fedora                                     
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-486.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.29-5.fc36                     @fedora                                     
perltidy.noarch                                      20220217-1.fc36                      @fedora                                     
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                    4.11.1-9.fc36                        @fedora                                     
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                  2:4.10.0-7.fc36                      @fedora                                     
picom.x86_64                                         10.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
pigz.x86_64                                          2.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.2.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.2.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-29.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                           0.3.63-1.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.3.65-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
pixman.x86_64                                        0.40.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.8.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          5.26.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.16-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
plotutils.x86_64                                     2.6-28.fc36                          @fedora                                     
plymouth.x86_64                                      22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        22.02.122-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
podman.x86_64                                        4:4.3.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                4:4.3.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
polkit.x86_64                                        0.120-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   0.120-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-21.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                  0.114.0-3.fc36                       @fedora                                     
poppler.x86_64                                       22.01.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                    
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   22.01.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                    
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  22.01.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                    
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                   22.01.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                    
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 22.01.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                    
popt.x86_64                                          1.18-7.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.12-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
powertop.x86_64                                      2.15-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.17-4.fc36.1                      @updates                                    
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.4-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.4.1-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.4-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.4-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
pstoedit.x86_64                                      3.78-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
psutils.noarch                                       2.07-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20210518-4.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               15.0-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         15.0-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              15.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-15.fc36                       @fedora                                     
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-36.fc36                       @fedora                                     
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              21.3.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.6-10.fc36                       @updates                                    
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       59.6.0-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.10-20.fc36                         @updates                                    
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            234-20.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.10.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.18.2-11.fc36                       @fedora                                     
python2.7.x86_64                                     2.7.18-23.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3.x86_64                                       3.10.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.15.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.0.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.10.0-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.11.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.4.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-2.fc36                          @updates                                    
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.0.9-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-certifi.noarch                               2021.10.8-1.fc36                     @fedora                                     
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.15.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-chardet.noarch                               4.0.0-17.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    2.0.11-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-click.noarch                                 8.0.4-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-colorama.noarch                              0.4.4-13.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-39.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          36.0.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-cson.noarch                                  0.8-11.fc36                          @fedora                                     
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.6-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.1-8.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.2.18-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-dbus-next.noarch                             0.2.3-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-distro.noarch                                1.6.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.14.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch             4.0.17-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch             4.0.17-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                             0.3.20-8.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-8.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-gettext.noarch                               4.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                     
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.42.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.42.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.42.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.17.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.68.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-i3ipc.noarch                                 2.2.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.0.3-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.36-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.61-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.68.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.10.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.3-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.10.3-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                          0.6.3-3.fc35                         @fedora                                     
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.7.1-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.1.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-manatools.noarch                             0.0.4-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.50-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.50-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-mutagen.noarch                               1.45.1-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.1-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.22.0-2.fc36                      @fedora                                     
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-16.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-packaging.noarch                             21.3-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.5.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-perf.x86_64                                  6.1.5-100.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-13.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pillow.x86_64                                9.1.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                             9.1.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-15.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.3-4.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.33-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-protobuf.x86_64                              3.19.4-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.8.0-13.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.6.0-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.4-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             21.0.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.38.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.17.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.11.2-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             2.4.7-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.12.0-1.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.9.0-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.22.0-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                     
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.6-10.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.6-10.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                         5.15.4-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-qt5-webkit.x86_64                            5.15.6-10.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2022.10.31-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
python3-requests.noarch                              2.27.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-24.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                          1.2.2-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-setuptools.noarch                            59.6.0-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-shtab.noarch                                 1.5.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.3.1-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-speg.noarch                                  0.3-14.git877acdd.fc36               @fedora                                     
python3-systemd.x86_64                               234-20.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-2.fc35                         @anaconda                                   
python3-tenacity.noarch                              8.0.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-termcolor.noarch                             1.1.0-27.fc36                        @fedora                                     
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.10.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.17.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.12-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
python3-websockets.x86_64                            10.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                       2.2.8-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
python3-xlib.noarch                                  0.31-2.fc36                          @fedora                                     
python3-yui.x86_64                                   4.2.16-3.fc36                        @fedora                                     
qca-qt5.x86_64                                       2.3.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
qcustomplot-qt5.x86_64                               2.1.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:6.2.0-17.fc36                      @updates                                    
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.0-6.fc36                         @updates                                    
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.0-6.fc36                         @updates                                    
qhexedit2-qt5-libs.x86_64                            0.8.9-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     10.6.3-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
qrencode.x86_64                                      4.1.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                2.13.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
qt-settings.noarch                                   36.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.8-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.8-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.8-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                   5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.15.12-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebengine-devtools.x86_64                      5.15.12-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                  5.212.0-0.72alpha4.fc36              @updates                                    
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.3.1-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.3.1-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.3.1-3.fc36                         @updates                                    
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.3.1-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.3.1-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.3.1-5.fc36                         @updates                                    
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                              2.4-36.20150629git5a07df5.fc36       @fedora                                     
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                       2.6.1-43.fc36                        @fedora                                     
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.06-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.06-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
qutebrowser.noarch                                   2.5.2-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
ranger.noarch                                        1.9.3-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-32.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.0-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
re2.x86_64                                           1:20211101-3.fc36                    @fedora                                     
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-2.fc36                           @updates                                    
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-21.fc36                       @fedora                                     
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             222-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-29.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
rest.x86_64                                          0.8.1-12.fc36                        @fedora                                     
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
ripgrep.x86_64                                       13.0.0-4.fc36                        @fedora                                     
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.4.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
rofi.x86_64                                          1.7.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
rofi-themes.noarch                                   1.7.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-31.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
rpm.x86_64                                           4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.17.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                        0.3.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                 36-4.fc36                            @rpmfusion-free                             
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        36-1                                 @@commandline                               
rpmfusion-free-release-tainted.noarch                36-1                                 @rpmfusion-free                             
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch              36-3.fc36                            @rpmfusion-nonfree                          
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     36-1                                 @@commandline                               
rpmfusion-nonfree-release-tainted.noarch             36-1                                 @rpmfusion-nonfree                          
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-30.fc36                         @updates                                    
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.1.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
ruby.x86_64                                          3.1.3-173.fc36                       @updates                                    
ruby-default-gems.noarch                             3.1.3-173.fc36                       @updates                                    
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     3.1.3-173.fc36                       @updates                                    
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            3.1.1-173.fc36                       @updates                                    
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               2.3.26-173.fc36                      @updates                                    
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.5.11-173.fc36                      @updates                                    
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.6.2-200.fc36                       @updates                                    
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 4.0.4-173.fc36                       @updates                                    
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.4.0-173.fc36                       @updates                                    
rubygems.noarch                                      3.3.26-173.fc36                      @updates                                    
rubypick.noarch                                      1.1.1-16.fc36                        @fedora                                     
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              23-1.fc36                            @updates                                    
rygel.x86_64                                         0.40.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.16.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.27-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.1.1-10.fc36                        @updates                                    
satyr.x86_64                                         0.39-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
sc.x86_64                                            7.16-17.fc36                         @fedora                                     
schroedinger.x86_64                                  1.0.11-26.fc36                       @fedora                                     
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-10.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
selinux-policy.noarch                                36.17-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       36.17-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.10-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
setup.noarch                                         2.14.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.2-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.46-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-58.fc36                        @fedora                                     
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-30.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.11.1-5.fc36                      @updates                                    
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.11.1-5.fc36                      @updates                                    
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.1-3.fc35                           @anaconda                                   
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.6-2                               @updates                                    
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-2                               @updates                                    
shotwell.x86_64                                      0.31.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.000-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
simplescreenrecorder.x86_64                          0.4.4-1.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free                             
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.2-11.fc36                        @fedora                                     
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.0-0.2.beta.0.fc36                @anaconda                                   
slurp.x86_64                                         1.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.9-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-16.fc36                        @fedora                                     
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.8-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
sos.noarch                                           4.3-2.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-17.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-15.fc36                        @updates                                    
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2022.1-1.20220202.git45dd184.fc36    @fedora                                     
sqlcipher.x86_64                                     4.4.3-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.36.0-5.fc36                        @fedora                                     
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.36.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
sqlitebrowser.x86_64                                 3.13.0-0.3.gita302128.fc36           @fedora                                     
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.5.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.8-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.4.4-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
sssd.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-idp.x86_64                                      2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.7.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
st.x86_64                                            0.8.4-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-23.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.0.2-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
stow.noarch                                          2.3.1-7.fc36                         @fedora                                     
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc36                        @updates                                    
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.2-8.fc36                        @updates                                    
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.12-2.p2.fc36                     @updates                                    
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.12-2.p2.fc36                     @updates                                    
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.10.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
surf.x86_64                                          2.0-13.fc36                          @fedora                                     
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  0.9.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                 1.5.1-3.fc36                         @rpmfusion-free                             
sway.x86_64                                          1.7-4.fc36                           @updates                                    
sway-systemd.noarch                                  0.2.2-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
swaybg.x86_64                                        1.2.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
swayidle.x86_64                                      1.7.1-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
swaylock.x86_64                                      1.7.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
sxiv.x86_64                                          26-5.fc36                            @fedora                                     
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-6.fc36                           @anaconda                                   
syncthing.x86_64                                     1.23.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
syslinux.x86_64                                      6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                             6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                    6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                             6.04-0.22.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         3.44.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
systemd.x86_64                                       250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  250.9-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
t1utils.x86_64                                       1.42-4.fc36                          @fedora                                     
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.34-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-9.fc35                        @fedora                                     
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.12-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.3-1.fc36                     @updates                                    
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.11-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
tex-preview.noarch                                   13.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                     
texinfo.x86_64                                       6.8-3.fc36                           @fedora                                     
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                   6.8-3.fc36                           @fedora                                     
texlive-12many.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-2up.noarch                                   9:svn55076-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ESIEEcv.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-GS1.noarch                                   9:svn44822-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-HA-prosper.noarch                            9:svn15878.4.21-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-IEEEconf.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-IEEEtran.noarch                              9:svn51065-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-MemoirChapStyles-doc.noarch                  9:svn25918.1.7e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-SIstyle.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-SIunits.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.36-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-Tabbing.noarch                               9:svn17022.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-Type1fonts-doc.noarch                        9:svn19603.2.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-a0poster.noarch                              9:svn54071-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-a2ping.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-a4wide.noarch                                9:svn20943.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-a5comb.noarch                                9:svn17020.4-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-aaai-named.noarch                            9:svn52470-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-aalok.noarch                                 9:svn59300-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-aastex.noarch                                9:svn58057-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-abbr.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-abc.noarch                                   9:svn41157-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-abnt.noarch                                  9:svn55471-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-abntex2.noarch                               9:svn49248-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-abraces.noarch                               9:svn58761-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-abstract.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-abstyles.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-academicons.noarch                           9:svn56119-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-accanthis.noarch                             9:svn32089.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-accents.noarch                               9:svn51497-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-accessibility.noarch                         9:svn55777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-accfonts.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-accsupp.noarch                               9:svn53052-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-achemso.noarch                               9:svn57479-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-acmart.noarch                                9:svn58893-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-acmconf.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-acro.noarch                                  9:svn57447-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-acronym.noarch                               9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-acroterm.noarch                              9:svn20498.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-active-conf.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-actuarialangle.noarch                        9:svn51376-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-actuarialsymbol.noarch                       9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-addfont.noarch                               9:svn58559-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-addliga.noarch                               9:svn50912-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-addlines.noarch                              9:svn49326-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adfathesis.noarch                            9:svn26048.2.42-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-adforn.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adfsymbols.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adhocfilelist.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-adigraph.noarch                              9:svn49862-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adjmulticol.noarch                           9:svn54157-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                             9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adobemapping.noarch                          9:svn51787-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adrconv.noarch                               9:svn46817-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-adtrees.noarch                               9:svn51618-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-advdate.noarch                               9:svn20538.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ae.noarch                                    9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-aeguill.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-aesupp.noarch                                9:svn58253-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-afm2pl.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-afparticle.noarch                            9:svn35900.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-afthesis.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-aguplus.noarch                               9:svn17156.1.6b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-aiaa.noarch                                  9:svn15878.3.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-aichej.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ajl.noarch                                   9:svn34016.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-akktex.noarch                                9:svn26055.0.3.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-akletter.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5i-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-akshar.noarch                                9:svn56277-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-albatross.x86_64                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-alegreya.noarch                              9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-aleph.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-alertmessage.noarch                          9:svn38055.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-alg.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-algobox.noarch                               9:svn52204-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-algolrevived.noarch                          9:svn56864-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-algorithm2e.noarch                           9:svn44846-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-algorithmicx.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-algpseudocodex.noarch                        9:svn56125-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-algxpar.noarch                               9:svn56006-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-aligned-overset.noarch                       9:svn47290-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-alkalami.noarch                              9:svn44497-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-allrunes.noarch                              9:svn42221-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-almendra.noarch                              9:svn56035-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-almfixed.noarch                              9:svn35065.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-alnumsec.noarch                              9:svn15878.v0.03-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-alpha-persian.noarch                         9:svn50316-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              9:svn53087-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-altfont.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ametsoc.noarch                               9:svn36030.4.3.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-amiri.noarch                                 9:svn55403-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-amsaddr.noarch                               9:svn29630.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-amscdx.noarch                                9:svn51532-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-amscls.noarch                                9:svn55378-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-amscls-doc.noarch                            9:svn46110-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              9:svn29208.3.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-amslatex-primer-doc.noarch                   9:svn28980.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-amsldoc-it-doc.noarch                        9:svn45662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-amsldoc-vn-doc.noarch                        9:svn21855.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               9:svn56514-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-amsmath-it-doc.noarch                        9:svn22930.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-amsrefs.noarch                               9:svn30646.2.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-amstex.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-amsthdoc-it-doc.noarch                       9:svn45662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-animate.noarch                               9:svn56583-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-annee-scolaire.noarch                        9:svn55988-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-annotate.noarch                              9:svn52824-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-anonchap.noarch                              9:svn17049.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-anonymous-acm.noarch                         9:svn55121-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-anonymouspro.noarch                          9:svn51631-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-answers.noarch                               9:svn35032.2.16-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-antanilipsum.noarch                          9:svn55250-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-antiqua.noarch                               9:svn24266.001.003-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-antomega.noarch                              9:svn21933.0.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-antt.noarch                                  9:svn18651.2.08-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-anufinalexam-doc.noarch                      9:svn26053.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                           9:svn17050.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-anysize.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-aobs-tikz.noarch                             9:svn32662.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-aomart.noarch                                9:svn58855-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apa.noarch                                   9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apa6.noarch                                  9:svn53406-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apa6e.noarch                                 9:svn23350.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-apa7.noarch                                  9:svn58835-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apacite.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apalike-german.noarch                        9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apalike2.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apnum.noarch                                 9:svn47510-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-appendix.noarch                              9:svn53718-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-appendixnumberbeamer.noarch                  9:svn46317-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apprendre-a-programmer-en-tex.noarch         9:svn57179-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-apprends-latex-doc.noarch                    9:svn19306.4.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-apptools.noarch                              9:svn28400.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-apxproof.noarch                              9:svn56673-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arabi.noarch                                 9:svn44662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arabi-add.noarch                             9:svn37709-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arabicfront.noarch                           9:svn51474-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arabluatex.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arabtex.noarch                               9:svn59150-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                             9:svn38299.1.2.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-aramaic-serto.noarch                         9:svn30042.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-arara.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-archaeologie.noarch                          9:svn57090-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-archaic.noarch                               9:svn38005.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-arcs.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-arev.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-arimo.noarch                                 9:svn42880-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-armtex.noarch                                9:svn33894.3.0_beta3-57.fc36         @updates                                    
texlive-around-the-bend-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-arphic.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-arphic-ttf.noarch                            9:svn42675-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arraycols.noarch                             9:svn56997-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arrayjobx.noarch                             9:svn18125.1.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-arraysort.noarch                             9:svn31576.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-arsclassica.noarch                           9:svn45656-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-articleingud.noarch                          9:svn38741-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-arydshln.noarch                              9:svn50084-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asaetr.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-asana-math.noarch                            9:svn50999-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asapsym.noarch                               9:svn40201-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ascelike.noarch                              9:svn29129.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ascii-chart-doc.noarch                       9:svn20536.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ascii-font.noarch                            9:svn29989.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-asciilist.noarch                             9:svn49060-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ascmac.noarch                                9:svn53411-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-askinclude.noarch                            9:svn54725-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-askmaps.noarch                               9:svn56730-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asmeconf.noarch                              9:svn57833-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asmejour.noarch                              9:svn57598-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-aspectratio.noarch                           9:svn25243.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-assignment.noarch                            9:svn20431.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-assoccnt.noarch                              9:svn38497-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-association-matrix.noarch                    9:svn56759-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-astro.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-asyfig.noarch                                9:svn17512.0.1c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn-doc.noarch        9:svn15878-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn-doc.noarch               9:svn15878-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn-doc.noarch            9:svn15878-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-asypictureb.noarch                           9:svn33490.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              9:svn53051-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-atenddvi.noarch                              9:svn56922-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-atkinson.noarch                              9:svn57624-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            9:svn42099-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             9:svn53108-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-aucklandthesis.noarch                        9:svn51323-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-augie.noarch                                 9:svn18948.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-auncial-new.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-aurical.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-aurl.noarch                                  9:svn41853-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-authoraftertitle.noarch                      9:svn55889-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-authorarchive.noarch                         9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-authordate.noarch                            9:svn52564-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-authorindex.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          9:svn56596-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-auto-pst-pdf-lua.noarch                      9:svn54779-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-autoaligne.noarch                            9:svn56966-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-autoarea.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-autobreak.noarch                             9:svn43337-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-autofancyhdr.noarch                          9:svn54049-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-automata.noarch                              9:svn19717.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-autonum.noarch                               9:svn36084.0.3.11-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-autopdf.noarch                               9:svn32377.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-autosp.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               9:svn53173-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-avremu.noarch                                9:svn35373.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                            9:svn57349-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-axessibility.noarch                          9:svn57105-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-axodraw2.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-b1encoding.noarch                            9:svn21271.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-babel.noarch                                 9:svn58999-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-albanian.noarch                        9:svn57005-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-azerbaijani.noarch                     9:svn44197-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-basque.noarch                          9:svn30256.1.0f-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-belarusian.noarch                      9:svn49022-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-bosnian.noarch                         9:svn38174.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-babel-breton.noarch                          9:svn30257.1.0h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-bulgarian.noarch                       9:svn31902.1.2g-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-catalan.noarch                         9:svn30259.2.2p-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-croatian.noarch                        9:svn35198.1.3l-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-czech.noarch                           9:svn30261.3.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-danish.noarch                          9:svn57642-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-dutch.noarch                           9:svn56827-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         9:svn44495-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-esperanto.noarch                       9:svn30265.1.4t-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-estonian.noarch                        9:svn38064.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-finnish.noarch                         9:svn57643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-french.noarch                          9:svn56607-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-friulan.noarch                         9:svn39861-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-galician.noarch                        9:svn30270.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-babel-georgian.noarch                        9:svn45864-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-german.noarch                          9:svn57978-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-greek.noarch                           9:svn56904-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-hebrew.noarch                          9:svn30273.2.3h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-hungarian.noarch                       9:svn49701-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-icelandic.noarch                       9:svn51551-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-indonesian.noarch                      9:svn43235-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-interlingua.noarch                     9:svn30276.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-babel-irish.noarch                           9:svn30277.1.0h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-italian.noarch                         9:svn55232-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-japanese.noarch                        9:svn57733-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-kurmanji.noarch                        9:svn30279.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-babel-latin.noarch                           9:svn38173.3.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-babel-latvian.noarch                         9:svn46681-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-macedonian.noarch                      9:svn39587-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-malay.noarch                           9:svn43234-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-norsk.noarch                           9:svn30281.2.0i-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-occitan.noarch                         9:svn39608-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-piedmontese.noarch                     9:svn30282.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-babel-polish.noarch                          9:svn30283.1.2l-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-portuges.noarch                        9:svn57644-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-romanian.noarch                        9:svn58776-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-romansh.noarch                         9:svn30286.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-babel-russian.noarch                         9:svn57376-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-samin.noarch                           9:svn30288.1.0c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-scottish.noarch                        9:svn30289.1.0g-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-serbian.noarch                         9:svn58836-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-serbianc.noarch                        9:svn58816-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-slovak.noarch                          9:svn30292.3.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babel-slovenian.noarch                       9:svn57666-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-sorbian.noarch                         9:svn57646-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-spanish.noarch                         9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-swedish.noarch                         9:svn57647-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-thai.noarch                            9:svn30564.1.0.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-babel-turkish.noarch                         9:svn51560-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-ukrainian.noarch                       9:svn56674-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-vietnamese.noarch                      9:svn39246-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-babel-welsh.noarch                           9:svn38372.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              9:svn57349-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-background.noarch                            9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-backnaur.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-baekmuk.noarch                               9:svn56915-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bagpipe.noarch                               9:svn34393.3.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bangorcsthesis.noarch                        9:svn48834-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bangorexam.noarch                            9:svn46626-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bangtex.noarch                               9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bankstatement.noarch                         9:svn38857-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-barcodes.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bardiag.noarch                               9:svn22013.0.4a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-barr.noarch                                  9:svn38479-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-barracuda.noarch                             9:svn53683-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bartel-chess-fonts.noarch                    9:svn20619.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-base.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-bashful.noarch                               9:svn25597.0.93-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-basicarith.noarch                            9:svn35460.1.1-55.fc36               @fedora                                     
texlive-basicarith-doc.noarch                        9:svn35460.1.1-55.fc36               @fedora                                     
texlive-baskervald.noarch                            9:svn19490.1.016-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-baskervaldx.noarch                           9:svn57080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-baskervillef.noarch                          9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-basque-book.noarch                           9:svn32924.1.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-basque-date.noarch                           9:svn26477.1.05-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bath-bst.noarch                              9:svn57925-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bbcard.noarch                                9:svn19440.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bbding.noarch                                9:svn17186.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bbm.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bbm-macros.noarch                            9:svn17224.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bbold.noarch                                 9:svn17187.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bbold-type1.noarch                           9:svn33143.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bchart.noarch                                9:svn43928-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bclogo.noarch                                9:svn39364-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamer.noarch                                9:svn58537-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamer-FUBerlin-doc.noarch                   9:svn38159.0.02b-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-beamer-rl.noarch                             9:svn58513-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamer-tut-pt-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-beamer-verona.noarch                         9:svn39180-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamer2thesis.noarch                         9:svn27539.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beamerappendixnote.noarch                    9:svn55732-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beameraudience.noarch                        9:svn23427.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beamerauxtheme.noarch                        9:svn56087-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamercolorthemeowl.noarch                   9:svn40105-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamerdarkthemes.noarch                      9:svn55117-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamerposter.noarch                          9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamersubframe.noarch                        9:svn23510.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beamerswitch.noarch                          9:svn58873-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-cuerna.noarch                    9:svn42161-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm.noarch                  9:svn39048-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-epyt.noarch                      9:svn41404-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-focus.noarch                     9:svn56967-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-light.noarch                     9:svn49867-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-metropolis.noarch                9:svn43031-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-npbt.noarch                      9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh.noarch                 9:svn39100-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-pure-minimalistic.noarch         9:svn56934-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-saintpetersburg.noarch           9:svn45877-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-trigon.noarch                    9:svn59004-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc.noarch                  9:svn29937.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beamerthemejltree.noarch                     9:svn21977.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beamerthemelalic.noarch                      9:svn58777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beamerthemenirma.noarch                      9:svn20765.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beamerthemenord.noarch                       9:svn56180-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bearwear.noarch                              9:svn54826-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beaulivre.noarch                             9:svn59320-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-beebe.noarch                                 9:svn58983-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-begingreek.noarch                            9:svn36294.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-begriff.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beilstein.noarch                             9:svn56193-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-belleek.noarch                               9:svn18651.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bengali.noarch                               9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bera.noarch                                  9:svn20031.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-berenisadf.noarch                            9:svn32215.1.004-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-besjournals.noarch                           9:svn45662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bestpapers.noarch                            9:svn38708-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-betababel.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-beton.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-beuron.noarch                                9:svn46374-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bewerbung.noarch                             9:svn56998-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bez123.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bezierplot.noarch                            9:svn51398-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bgteubner.noarch                             9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bguq.noarch                                  9:svn27401.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bhcexam.noarch                               9:svn39041-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bib-fr.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bib2gls.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-bibarts.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bibexport.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-bibhtml.noarch                               9:svn31607.2.0.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex.noarch                              9:svn61868-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-abnt.noarch                         9:svn49179-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-ajc2020unofficial.noarch            9:svn54401-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-anonymous.noarch                    9:svn48548-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-apa.noarch                          9:svn56208-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-apa6.noarch                         9:svn56209-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-archaeology.noarch                  9:svn53281-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-arthistory-bonn.noarch              9:svn46637-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-bath.noarch                         9:svn57924-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle.noarch                9:svn40323-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-bookinother.noarch                  9:svn54015-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-bwl.noarch                          9:svn26556.0.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-caspervector.noarch                 9:svn56837-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-cheatsheet-doc.noarch               9:svn44685-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-chem.noarch                         9:svn57904-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-chicago.noarch                      9:svn58715-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-claves.noarch                       9:svn43723-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-dw.noarch                           9:svn42649-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-enc.noarch                          9:svn44627-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-ext.noarch                          9:svn58975-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-fiwi.noarch                         9:svn45876-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-gb7714-2015.noarch                  9:svn59101-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-german-legal.noarch                 9:svn56939-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-gost.noarch                         9:svn59135-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-historian.noarch                    9:svn19787.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-ieee.noarch                         9:svn58716-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-ijsra.noarch                        9:svn41634-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-iso690.noarch                       9:svn54561-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-jura2.noarch                        9:svn56133-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-juradiss.noarch                     9:svn56502-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-license.noarch                      9:svn58437-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-lni.noarch                          9:svn49935-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw.noarch                      9:svn32180.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology.noarch        9:svn53344-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-mla.noarch                          9:svn42445-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-morenames.noarch                    9:svn43049-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm.noarch                  9:svn37081.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-musuos.noarch                       9:svn24097.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-nature.noarch                       9:svn57262-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-nejm.noarch                         9:svn49839-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-nottsclassic.noarch                 9:svn41596-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle.noarch              9:svn48983-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-oxref.noarch                        9:svn57513-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-philosophy.noarch                   9:svn58925-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-phys.noarch                         9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-publist.noarch                      9:svn56392-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-realauthor.noarch                   9:svn45865-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-sbl.noarch                          9:svn56853-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-science.noarch                      9:svn48945-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-shortfields.noarch                  9:svn45858-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-socialscienceshuberlin.noarch       9:svn47839-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-software.noarch                     9:svn57366-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-source-division.noarch              9:svn45379-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-subseries.noarch                    9:svn43330-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal.noarch                  9:svn58661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-trad.noarch                         9:svn58169-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit.noarch          9:svn44653-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-unified.noarch                      9:svn55290-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex-vancouver.noarch                    9:svn55339-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblatex2bibitem.noarch                      9:svn54030-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bibleref.noarch                              9:svn55626-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bibleref-french.noarch                       9:svn53138-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bibleref-german.noarch                       9:svn21923.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bibleref-lds.noarch                          9:svn25526.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bibleref-mouth.noarch                        9:svn25527.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bibleref-parse.noarch                        9:svn22054.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bibletext.noarch                             9:svn45196-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biblist.noarch                               9:svn17116.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-bibtex8.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-bibtexperllibs.noarch                        9:svn57137-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bibtexu.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bibtopicprefix.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bibunits.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  9:svn55193-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bidi-atbegshi.noarch                         9:svn35154.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bidicontour.noarch                           9:svn34631.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bidihl.noarch                                9:svn37795.0.1c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bidipagegrid.noarch                          9:svn34632.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bidipresentation.noarch                      9:svn35267.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bidishadowtext.noarch                        9:svn34633.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                               9:svn38248.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            9:svn53172-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bigints.noarch                               9:svn29803.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-binarytree.noarch                            9:svn41777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-binomexp.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-biochemistry-colors.noarch                   9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-biocon.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-biolett-bst.noarch                           9:svn42217-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bitelist.noarch                              9:svn25779.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bithesis.noarch                              9:svn57388-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bitpattern.noarch                            9:svn39073-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bitset.noarch                                9:svn53837-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bitter.noarch                                9:svn56026-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bizcard.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-blacklettert1.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-blindtext.noarch                             9:svn25039.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-blkarray.noarch                              9:svn36406.0.07-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-blochsphere.noarch                           9:svn38388-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-block.noarch                                 9:svn17209.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-blockdraw_mp.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bloques.noarch                               9:svn22490.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-blowup.noarch                                9:svn46213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-blox.noarch                                  9:svn57949-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bnumexpr.noarch                              9:svn49643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bodegraph.noarch                             9:svn20047.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bohr.noarch                                  9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-boisik.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-boites.noarch                                9:svn32235.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bold-extra.noarch                            9:svn17076.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-boldtensors.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bondgraph.noarch                             9:svn21670.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bondgraphs.noarch                            9:svn36605.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-bookcover.noarch                             9:svn57326-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bookdb.noarch                                9:svn37536.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bookest.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bookhands.noarch                             9:svn46480-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-booklet.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.7b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bookman.noarch                               9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              9:svn56885-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bookshelf.noarch                             9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              9:svn53402-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-booktabs-de-doc.noarch                       9:svn21907.1.61803-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-booktabs-fr-doc.noarch                       9:svn21948.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-boolexpr.noarch                              9:svn17830.3.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-boondox.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bophook.noarch                               9:svn17062.0.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-borceux.noarch                               9:svn21047.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bosisio.noarch                               9:svn16989.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-boxedminipage.noarch                         9:svn54827-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-boxhandler.noarch                            9:svn28031.1.30-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bpchem.noarch                                9:svn45120-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bpolynomial.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-br-lex.noarch                                9:svn44939-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bracketkey.noarch                            9:svn17129.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-braids.noarch                                9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-braille.noarch                               9:svn20655.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-braket.noarch                                9:svn17127.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-brandeis-dissertation.noarch                 9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-brandeis-problemset.noarch                   9:svn50991-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-brandeis-thesis.noarch                       9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-breakcites.noarch                            9:svn21014-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              9:svn29901.1.40-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bredzenie.noarch                             9:svn44371-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 9:svn56422-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bropd.noarch                                 9:svn35383.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-brushscr.noarch                              9:svn28363.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-bubblesort.noarch                            9:svn56070-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-buctthesis.noarch                            9:svn59002-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bullcntr.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-bundledoc.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-burmese.noarch                               9:svn25185.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-businesscard-qrcode.noarch                   9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bussproofs.noarch                            9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bussproofs-extra.noarch                      9:svn51299-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxbase.noarch                                9:svn56528-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxcalc.noarch                                9:svn56431-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxcjkjatype.noarch                           9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxdpx-beamer.noarch                          9:svn41813-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxdvidriver.noarch                           9:svn43219-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxeepic.noarch                               9:svn30559.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-bxenclose.noarch                             9:svn40213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxghost.noarch                               9:svn53606-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxjaholiday.noarch                           9:svn57025-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxjalipsum.noarch                            9:svn43369-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxjaprnind.noarch                            9:svn45291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxjatoucs.noarch                             9:svn52509-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxjscls.noarch                               9:svn57625-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxnewfont.noarch                             9:svn44173-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxorigcapt.noarch                            9:svn48606-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxpapersize.noarch                           9:svn56491-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxpdfver.noarch                              9:svn57755-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxtexlogo.noarch                             9:svn47230-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bxwareki.noarch                              9:svn51286-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-byo-twemojis.noarch                          9:svn58917-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-bytefield.noarch                             9:svn56821-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-c-pascal.noarch                              9:svn18337.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-c90.noarch                                   9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cabin.noarch                                 9:svn55907-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cachepic.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-caladea.noarch                               9:svn34991.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-calcage.noarch                               9:svn27725.0.90-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-calctab.noarch                               9:svn15878.v0.6.1-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-calculation.noarch                           9:svn35973.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-calculator.noarch                            9:svn33041.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-calligra.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-calligra-type1.noarch                        9:svn24302.001.000-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-callouts.noarch                              9:svn44899-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-calrsfs.noarch                               9:svn17125.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cals.noarch                                  9:svn43003-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-calxxxx-yyyy.noarch                          9:svn57282-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cancel.noarch                                9:svn32508.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-canoniclayout.noarch                         9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cantarell.noarch                             9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-capt-of.noarch                               9:svn29803.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-captcont.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-captdef.noarch                               9:svn17353.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-caption.noarch                               9:svn56771-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-carbohydrates.noarch                         9:svn39000-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              9:svn56753-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-carlito.noarch                               9:svn35002.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-carolmin-ps.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cascade.noarch                               9:svn55759-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cascadia-code.noarch                         9:svn57478-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cascadilla.noarch                            9:svn25144.1.8.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-cases.noarch                                 9:svn54682-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-casyl.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             9:svn53084-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-catchfilebetweentags.noarch                  9:svn21476.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-catcodes.noarch                              9:svn38859-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-catechis.noarch                              9:svn49061-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-catoptions.noarch                            9:svn35069.0.2.7h-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-causets.noarch                               9:svn57139-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cbcoptic.noarch                              9:svn16666.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cbfonts.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cbfonts-fd.noarch                            9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cc-pl.noarch                                 9:svn58602-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ccaption.noarch                              9:svn23443.3.2c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ccfonts.noarch                               9:svn54686-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ccicons.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cclicenses.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ccool.noarch                                 9:svn56636-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cd.noarch                                    9:svn34452.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cd-cover.noarch                              9:svn17121.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cdpbundl.noarch                              9:svn46613-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cell.noarch                                  9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cellprops.noarch                             9:svn57599-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cellspace.noarch                             9:svn50374-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-celtic.noarch                                9:svn39797-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-censor.noarch                                9:svn49168-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-centeredline.noarch                          9:svn50971-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cesenaexam.noarch                            9:svn44960-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cfr-initials.noarch                          9:svn36728.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-cfr-lm.noarch                                9:svn36195.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-changebar.noarch                             9:svn46919-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-changelayout.noarch                          9:svn16094.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-changelog.noarch                             9:svn56338-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-changepage.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-changes.noarch                               9:svn58773-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chappg.noarch                                9:svn15878.2.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-chapterfolder.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-charissil.noarch                             9:svn55920-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-charter.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-chbibref.noarch                              9:svn17120.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cheatsheet.noarch                            9:svn45069-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-checkcites.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-checkend.noarch                              9:svn51475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-checklistings.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-chem-journal.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-chemarrow.noarch                             9:svn17146.0.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chembst.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.2.5-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-chemcompounds.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-chemcono.noarch                              9:svn17119.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chemexec.noarch                              9:svn21632.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chemfig.noarch                               9:svn58014-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemformula.noarch                           9:svn57206-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemgreek.noarch                             9:svn53437-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemmacros.noarch                            9:svn56983-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemnum.noarch                               9:svn57490-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemplants.noarch                            9:svn52863-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemschemex.noarch                           9:svn46723-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemsec.noarch                               9:svn46972-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chemstyle.noarch                             9:svn31096.2.0m-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-cherokee.noarch                              9:svn21046.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-chess.noarch                                 9:svn20582.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chess-problem-diagrams.noarch                9:svn53302-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chessboard.noarch                            9:svn56833-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chessfss.noarch                              9:svn19440.1.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-chet.noarch                                  9:svn45081-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chextras.noarch                              9:svn27118.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-chhaya.noarch                                9:svn57508-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chicago.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-chicago-annote.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-chicagoa.noarch                              9:svn52567-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chickenize.noarch                            9:svn57325-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chifoot.noarch                               9:svn57312-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-childdoc.noarch                              9:svn49543-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chinese-jfm.noarch                           9:svn57758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chivo.noarch                                 9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chkfloat.noarch                              9:svn27473.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chklref.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-chktex.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-chletter.noarch                              9:svn20060.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                              9:svn47577-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chordbars.noarch                             9:svn49569-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chordbox.noarch                              9:svn51000-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chronology.noarch                            9:svn37934.1.1.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-chronosys.noarch                             9:svn26700.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-chs-physics-report.noarch                    9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-chscite.noarch                               9:svn28552.2.9999-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-churchslavonic.noarch                        9:svn42751-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cinzel.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-circ.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-circledsteps.noarch                          9:svn53382-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-circuit-macros.noarch                        9:svn57308-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-circuitikz.noarch                            9:svn59147-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cite.noarch                                  9:svn36428.5.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-citeall.noarch                               9:svn45975-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-citeref.noarch                               9:svn47407-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cje.noarch                                   9:svn46721-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cjhebrew.noarch                              9:svn43444-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cjk.noarch                                   9:svn36951.4.8.4-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-cjk-ko.noarch                                9:svn58081-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cjkpunct.noarch                              9:svn41119-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cjkutils.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-clara.noarch                                 9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-classics.noarch                              9:svn53671-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-classicthesis.noarch                         9:svn48041-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-classpack.noarch                             9:svn55218-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cleanthesis.noarch                           9:svn51472-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clearsans.noarch                             9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clefval.noarch                               9:svn55985-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cleveref.noarch                              9:svn47525-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clipboard.noarch                             9:svn47747-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clock.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-clojure-pamphlet.noarch                      9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cloze.noarch                                 9:svn55763-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clrdblpg.noarch                              9:svn47511-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clrscode.noarch                              9:svn51136-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clrscode3e.noarch                            9:svn51137-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-clrstrip.noarch                              9:svn53537-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cluttex.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cm.noarch                                    9:svn57963-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                9:svn28250.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cm-mf-extra-bold.noarch                      9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cm-unicode.noarch                            9:svn58661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  9:svn57640-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmarrows.noarch                              9:svn24378.v0.9-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-cmathbb.noarch                               9:svn56414-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmbright.noarch                              9:svn21107.8.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cmcyr.noarch                                 9:svn39273-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmdstring.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cmdtrack.noarch                              9:svn28910-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmexb.noarch                                 9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmextra.noarch                               9:svn57866-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmll.noarch                                  9:svn17964.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cmpica.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cmpj.noarch                                  9:svn58506-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmsd.noarch                                  9:svn18787.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cmsrb.noarch                                 9:svn54706-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmtiup.noarch                                9:svn39728-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cmupint.noarch                               9:svn54735-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cnbwp.noarch                                 9:svn32550.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cnltx.noarch                                 9:svn55265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cns.noarch                                   9:svn45677-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cntformats.noarch                            9:svn34668.0.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cntperchap.noarch                            9:svn37572.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cochineal.noarch                             9:svn58717-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-codeanatomy.noarch                           9:svn51627-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-codedoc.noarch                               9:svn17630.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-codepage.noarch                              9:svn51502-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-codesection.noarch                           9:svn34481.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano.noarch                 9:svn29803.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-coelacanth.noarch                            9:svn54736-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-coffeestains.noarch                          9:svn59115-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collcell.noarch                              9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collectbox.noarch                            9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      9:svn59159-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-bibtexextra.noarch                9:svn58437-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-binextra.noarch                   9:svn56352-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-context.noarch                    9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-fontsextra.noarch                 9:svn58253-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch           9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-fontutils.noarch                  9:svn57089-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-formatsextra.noarch               9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-games.noarch                      9:svn58896-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-humanities.noarch                 9:svn56575-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langarabic.noarch                 9:svn59003-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langchinese.noarch                9:svn58965-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langcjk.noarch                    9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langcyrillic.noarch               9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langczechslovak.noarch            9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langenglish.noarch                9:svn58290-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langeuropean.noarch               9:svn58626-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langfrench.noarch                 9:svn57491-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langgerman.noarch                 9:svn55706-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langgreek.noarch                  9:svn54139-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langitalian.noarch                9:svn55129-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langjapanese.noarch               9:svn58754-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langkorean.noarch                 9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langother.noarch                  9:svn57757-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langpolish.noarch                 9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langportuguese.noarch             9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-langspanish.noarch                9:svn54141-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      9:svn57048-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-latexextra.noarch                 9:svn59009-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           9:svn57862-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-luatex.noarch                     9:svn58124-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-mathscience.noarch                9:svn57759-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-metapost.noarch                   9:svn50293-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-music.noarch                      9:svn57878-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-pictures.noarch                   9:svn59115-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-plaingeneric.noarch               9:svn58874-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-pstricks.noarch                   9:svn54455-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-publishers.noarch                 9:svn59002-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-texworks.noarch                   9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                      9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-collref.noarch                               9:svn46358-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colophon.noarch                              9:svn47913-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-color-edits.noarch                           9:svn56707-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colordoc.noarch                              9:svn18270.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-colorinfo.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.3c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-coloring.noarch                              9:svn41042-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colorist.noarch                              9:svn59316-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                         9:svn49086-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colorsep.noarch                              9:svn13293.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-colorspace.noarch                            9:svn50585-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colortab.noarch                              9:svn22155.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              9:svn53545-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-colorwav.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-colorweb.noarch                              9:svn31490.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-colourchange.noarch                          9:svn21741.1.22-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-combelow.noarch                              9:svn18462.0.99f-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-combine.noarch                               9:svn19361.0.7a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-combinedgraphics.noarch                      9:svn27198.0.2.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-combofont.noarch                             9:svn51348-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-comfortaa.noarch                             9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-comicneue.noarch                             9:svn54891-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-comma.noarch                                 9:svn18259.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-commado.noarch                               9:svn38875-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-commath.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-commedit.noarch                              9:svn50116-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-comment.noarch                               9:svn41927-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-compactbib.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-compare.noarch                               9:svn54265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-competences.noarch                           9:svn47573-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-complexity.noarch                            9:svn45322-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-components-of-TeX-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-comprehensive-doc.noarch                     9:svn46270-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-computational-complexity.noarch              9:svn44847-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-concepts.noarch                              9:svn29020.0.0.5_r1-57.fc36          @updates                                    
texlive-concmath.noarch                              9:svn17219.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-concmath-fonts.noarch                        9:svn17218.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-concprog.noarch                              9:svn18791.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-concrete.noarch                              9:svn57963-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-conditext.noarch                             9:svn55387-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-confproc.noarch                              9:svn29349.0.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-constants.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-conteq.noarch                                9:svn37868.0.1.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-context.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-context-account.noarch                       9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-algorithmic.noarch                   9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-animation.noarch                     9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-annotation.noarch                    9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-bnf.noarch                           9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-chromato.noarch                      9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-cmscbf.noarch                        9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-cmttbf.noarch                        9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-construction-plan.noarch             9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers.noarch               9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-degrade.noarch                       9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-fancybreak.noarch                    9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-filter.noarch                        9:svn55718-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-french.noarch                        9:svn54215-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-fullpage.noarch                      9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-gantt.noarch                         9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-gnuplot.noarch                       9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-handlecsv.noarch                     9:svn51306-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-inifile.noarch                       9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-layout.noarch                        9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-letter.noarch                        9:svn56073-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-lettrine.noarch                      9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-mathsets.noarch                      9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-notes-zh-cn.noarch                   9:svn23171.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-context-rst.noarch                           9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-ruby.noarch                          9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-simplefonts.noarch                   9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-simpleslides.noarch                  9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-title.noarch                         9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-transliterator.noarch                9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-typearea.noarch                      9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-typescripts.noarch                   9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-vim.noarch                           9:svn58082-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-context-visualcounter.noarch                 9:svn47085-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-continue.noarch                              9:svn49449-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-contour.noarch                               9:svn18950.2.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-contracard.noarch                            9:svn50217-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-conv-xkv.noarch                              9:svn43558-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-convbkmk.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cooking.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.9b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-cooking-units.noarch                         9:svn53403-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cookingsymbols.noarch                        9:svn35929.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cool.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.35-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-coollist.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-coolstr.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-coolthms.noarch                              9:svn29062.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cooltooltips.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-coordsys.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-copyedit.noarch                              9:svn37928.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-copyrightbox.noarch                          9:svn24829.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cormorantgaramond.noarch                     9:svn54696-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-correctmathalign.noarch                      9:svn44131-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-coseoul.noarch                               9:svn23862.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-countriesofeurope.noarch                     9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-counttexruns.noarch                          9:svn27576.1.00a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-courier.noarch                               9:svn35058.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-courier-scaled.noarch                        9:svn24940.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-courierten.noarch                            9:svn55436-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-courseoutline.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-coursepaper.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-coverpage.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-covington.noarch                             9:svn58589-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cprotect.noarch                              9:svn21209.1.0e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-cqubeamer.noarch                             9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cquthesis.noarch                             9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-crbox.noarch                                 9:svn29803.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-crimson.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-crimsonpro.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-crop.noarch                                  9:svn55424-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-crossreference.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-crossreftools.noarch                         9:svn55879-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-crossrefware.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-crossword.noarch                             9:svn55271-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-crosswrd.noarch                              9:svn16896.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cryptocode.noarch                            9:svn55920-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cryst.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cs.noarch                                    9:svn41553-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-csbulletin.noarch                            9:svn54433-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cslatex.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-csplain.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              9:svn57844-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-csquotes-de-doc.noarch                       9:svn23371.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-css-colors.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cstex-doc.noarch                             9:svn53767-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cstypo.noarch                                9:svn41986-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-csvmerge.noarch                              9:svn51857-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-csvsimple.noarch                             9:svn51010-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ctable.noarch                                9:svn38672-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           9:svn38514-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ctan-o-mat.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ctan_chk-doc.noarch                          9:svn36304.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ctanbib.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ctanify.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ctanupload.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ctex.noarch                                  9:svn58583-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ctex-faq-doc.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ctib.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ctie.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cuisine.noarch                               9:svn34453.0.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cuprum.noarch                                9:svn49909-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-currency.noarch                              9:svn48990-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-currfile.noarch                              9:svn56478-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-currvita.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cursolatex-doc.noarch                        9:svn24139.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-curve.noarch                                 9:svn20745.1.16-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-curve2e.noarch                               9:svn57402-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-curves.noarch                                9:svn45255-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-custom-bib.noarch                            9:svn24729.4.33-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-cutwin.noarch                                9:svn29803.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cv.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cv4tw.noarch                                 9:svn34577.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cweb.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cweb-latex.noarch                            9:svn28878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-cweb-old.noarch                              9:svn49271-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cyber.noarch                                 9:svn46776-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-cybercic.noarch                              9:svn37659.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-cyklop.noarch                                9:svn18651.0.915-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-cyrillic.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-cyrplain.noarch                              9:svn45692-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dad.noarch                                   9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dancers.noarch                               9:svn13293.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dantelogo.noarch                             9:svn38599-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dashbox.noarch                               9:svn23425.1.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dashrule.noarch                              9:svn29579.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dashundergaps.noarch                         9:svn58150-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dataref.noarch                               9:svn42883-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datatool.noarch                              9:svn52663-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datax.noarch                                 9:svn57033-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dateiliste.noarch                            9:svn27974.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-datenumber.noarch                            9:svn18951.0.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-datetime.noarch                              9:svn36650.2.60-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2.noarch                             9:svn58590-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-bahasai.noarch                     9:svn46287-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-basque.noarch                      9:svn47064-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-breton.noarch                      9:svn52647-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-bulgarian.noarch                   9:svn47031-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-catalan.noarch                     9:svn47032-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-croatian.noarch                    9:svn36682.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-czech.noarch                       9:svn47033-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-danish.noarch                      9:svn47034-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-dutch.noarch                       9:svn47355-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext.noarch                 9:svn36705.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-english.noarch                     9:svn52479-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-esperanto.noarch                   9:svn47356-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-estonian.noarch                    9:svn47565-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-finnish.noarch                     9:svn47047-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-french.noarch                      9:svn56393-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-galician.noarch                    9:svn47631-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-german.noarch                      9:svn53125-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-greek.noarch                       9:svn47533-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-hebrew.noarch                      9:svn47534-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-icelandic.noarch                   9:svn47501-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-irish.noarch                       9:svn47632-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext.noarch                 9:svn54779-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-italian.noarch                     9:svn37146.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-latin.noarch                       9:svn47748-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-lsorbian.noarch                    9:svn47749-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-magyar.noarch                      9:svn48266-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-norsk.noarch                       9:svn48267-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-polish.noarch                      9:svn48456-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-portuges.noarch                    9:svn48457-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-romanian.noarch                    9:svn56394-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-russian.noarch                     9:svn49345-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-samin.noarch                       9:svn49346-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-scottish.noarch                    9:svn52101-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-serbian.noarch                     9:svn52893-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-slovak.noarch                      9:svn52281-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-slovene.noarch                     9:svn52282-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-spanish.noarch                     9:svn45785-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-swedish.noarch                     9:svn36700.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-turkish.noarch                     9:svn52331-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-ukrainian.noarch                   9:svn47552-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-usorbian.noarch                    9:svn52375-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-datetime2-welsh.noarch                       9:svn52553-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dblfloatfix.noarch                           9:svn28983.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dccpaper.noarch                              9:svn57522-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dcpic.noarch                                 9:svn30206.5.0.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-ddphonism.noarch                             9:svn52009-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-de-macro.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-decimal.noarch                               9:svn23374.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-decision-table.noarch                        9:svn57094-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-decorule.noarch                              9:svn55230-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                9:svn48599-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dehyph-exptl.noarch                          9:svn58212-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dejavu.noarch                                9:svn31771.2.34-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dejavu-otf.noarch                            9:svn45991-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-delim.noarch                                 9:svn23974.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-delimseasy.noarch                            9:svn39589-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-delimset.noarch                              9:svn49544-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-delimtxt.noarch                              9:svn16549.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-denisbdoc.noarch                             9:svn56664-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-derivative.noarch                            9:svn55890-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-detex.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dhua.noarch                                  9:svn24035.0.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-diabetes-logbook.noarch                      9:svn54810-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-diadia.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-diagbox.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-diagmac2.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-diagnose.noarch                              9:svn19387.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dialogl.noarch                               9:svn28946.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dice.noarch                                  9:svn28501.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dichokey.noarch                              9:svn17192.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dickimaw-doc.noarch                          9:svn32925.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dictsym.noarch                               9:svn20031.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-diffcoeff.noarch                             9:svn53244-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-digiconfigs.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dijkstra.noarch                              9:svn55661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dimnum.noarch                                9:svn58774-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-din1505.noarch                               9:svn19441.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dinat.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dinbrief.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dingbat.noarch                               9:svn27918.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-directory.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dirtree.noarch                               9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dirtytalk.noarch                             9:svn20520.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-disser.noarch                                9:svn43417-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ditaa.noarch                                 9:svn48932-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dithesis.noarch                              9:svn34295.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dk-bib.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dlfltxb.noarch                               9:svn17337.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dnaseq.noarch                                9:svn17194.0.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dnp.noarch                                   9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-doc-pictex-doc.noarch                        9:svn24927.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-docbytex.noarch                              9:svn34294.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-doclicense.noarch                            9:svn58350-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-docmfp.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.2d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-docmute.noarch                               9:svn25741.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-docsurvey-doc.noarch                         9:svn48931-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-doctools.noarch                              9:svn34474.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-documentation.noarch                         9:svn34521.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-docutils.noarch                              9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-doi.noarch                                   9:svn48634-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-doipubmed.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-domitian.noarch                              9:svn55286-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dosepsbin.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dot2texi.noarch                              9:svn26237.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dotarrow.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.01a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-dotlessi.noarch                              9:svn51476-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dotseqn.noarch                               9:svn17195.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dottex.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-doublestroke.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.111-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-doulossil.noarch                             9:svn56407-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dowith.noarch                                9:svn38860-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-download.noarch                              9:svn52257-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dox.noarch                                   9:svn46011-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dozenal.noarch                               9:svn47680-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dpcircling.noarch                            9:svn54994-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dpfloat.noarch                               9:svn17196.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-dprogress.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-drac.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-draftcopy.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.16-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-draftfigure.noarch                           9:svn44854-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-draftwatermark.noarch                        9:svn57099-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dramatist.noarch                             9:svn35866.1.2e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dratex.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-drawmatrix.noarch                            9:svn44471-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-drawstack.noarch                             9:svn28582.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-drm.noarch                                   9:svn38157.4.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-droid.noarch                                 9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-droit-fr.noarch                              9:svn39802-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-drs.noarch                                   9:svn19232.1.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-drv.noarch                                   9:svn29349.0.97-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dsptricks.noarch                             9:svn34724.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dsserif.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dtk.noarch                                   9:svn56696-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dtl.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dtxdescribe.noarch                           9:svn51652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dtxgallery-doc.noarch                        9:svn49504-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dtxgen.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dtxtut-doc.noarch                            9:svn38375.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ducksay.noarch                               9:svn56800-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-duckuments.noarch                            9:svn52271-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-duerer.noarch                                9:svn20741.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-duerer-latex.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-duotenzor.noarch                             9:svn18728.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dutchcal.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dvdcoll.noarch                               9:svn15878.v1.1a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-dvgloss.noarch                               9:svn29103.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dvi2tty.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dviasm.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvicopy.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvidvi.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dviincl.noarch                               9:svn29349.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dviinfox.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dviljk.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dviout-util.x86_64                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvipos.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dvipsconfig.noarch                           9:svn13293.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-dynamicnumber.noarch                         9:svn38726-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dynblocks.noarch                             9:svn35193.0.2b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-dynkin-diagrams.noarch                       9:svn58758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-dyntree.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-e-french.noarch                              9:svn52027-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ean.noarch                                   9:svn20851.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ean13isbn.noarch                             9:svn57514-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-easy.noarch                                  9:svn19440.0.99-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-easy-todo.noarch                             9:svn32677.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-easybook.noarch                              9:svn59306-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-easyfig.noarch                               9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-easyfloats.noarch                            9:svn57204-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-easyformat.noarch                            9:svn44543-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-easylist.noarch                              9:svn32661.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-easyreview.noarch                            9:svn38352.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ebezier.noarch                               9:svn15878.4-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ebgaramond.noarch                            9:svn54721-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ebgaramond-maths.noarch                      9:svn52168-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ebong.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ebook.noarch                                 9:svn29466.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ebproof.noarch                               9:svn57544-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ebsthesis.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ec.noarch                                    9:svn25033.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ecc.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ecclesiastic.noarch                          9:svn38172.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ecgdraw.noarch                               9:svn41617-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ecltree.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-eco.noarch                                   9:svn29349.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ecobiblatex.noarch                           9:svn39233-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-econ-bst.noarch                              9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-econlipsum.noarch                            9:svn58390-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-econometrics.noarch                          9:svn39396-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-economic.noarch                              9:svn32639.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ecothesis.noarch                             9:svn48007-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ecv.noarch                                   9:svn24928.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-eczar.noarch                                 9:svn57716-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ed.noarch                                    9:svn25231.1.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-edfnotes.noarch                              9:svn21540.0.6b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-edichokey.noarch                             9:svn56223-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-edmac.noarch                                 9:svn15878.3.17-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-edmargin.noarch                              9:svn27599.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ednotes.noarch                               9:svn35829.1.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-eemeir.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-eepic.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.1e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-efbox.noarch                                 9:svn33236.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-egameps.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-egplot.noarch                                9:svn20617.1.02a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-ehhline.noarch                               9:svn54676-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eiad.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-eiad-ltx.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-eijkhout.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-einfart.noarch                               9:svn59321-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ejpecp.noarch                                9:svn56728-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ekaia.noarch                                 9:svn49594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ekdosis.noarch                               9:svn58721-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ektype-tanka.noarch                          9:svn56070-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elbioimp.noarch                              9:svn21758.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-electrum.noarch                              9:svn19705.1.005_b-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-eledform.noarch                              9:svn38114.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-eledmac.noarch                               9:svn45418-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elegantbook.noarch                           9:svn59053-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elegantnote.noarch                           9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elegantpaper.noarch                          9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elements.noarch                              9:svn52398-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ellipse.noarch                               9:svn39025-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ellipsis.noarch                              9:svn55418-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elmath.noarch                                9:svn15878.v1.2-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-elocalloc.noarch                             9:svn42712-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elpres.noarch                                9:svn58015-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-els-cas-templates.noarch                     9:svn54317-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elsarticle.noarch                            9:svn56999-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-elteikthesis.noarch                          9:svn55928-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eltex.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-elvish.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-elzcards.noarch                              9:svn51894-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-emarks.noarch                                9:svn24504.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-embedall.noarch                              9:svn51177-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-embedfile.noarch                             9:svn54865-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-embrac.noarch                                9:svn57814-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-emf.noarch                                   9:svn42023-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-emisa.noarch                                 9:svn57013-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-emoji.noarch                                 9:svn55678-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-emojicite.noarch                             9:svn55131-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-emp.noarch                                   9:svn23483.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-emptypage.noarch                             9:svn18064.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-emulateapj.noarch                            9:svn28469.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-enctex.noarch                                9:svn34957.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-encxvlna.noarch                              9:svn34087.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-endfloat.noarch                              9:svn57090-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-endheads.noarch                              9:svn43750-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-endiagram.noarch                             9:svn34486.0.1d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-endnotes.noarch                              9:svn53319-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-endnotes-hy.noarch                           9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-endnotesj.noarch                             9:svn47703-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-endofproofwd.noarch                          9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-engpron.noarch                               9:svn16558.2-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-engrec.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-engtlc.noarch                                9:svn28571.3.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-enigma.noarch                                9:svn29802.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-enotez.noarch                                9:svn57130-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              9:svn51423-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-enumitem-zref.noarch                         9:svn21472.1.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-envbig.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-environ.noarch                               9:svn56615-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-envlab.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-epigrafica.noarch                            9:svn17210.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-epigram.noarch                               9:svn20513.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-epigraph.noarch                              9:svn54857-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-epigraph-keys.noarch                         9:svn54851-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-epiolmec.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-eplain.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-epsdice.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-epsf.noarch                                  9:svn21461.2.7.4-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx.noarch                         9:svn35575.2014-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-epsincl.noarch                               9:svn29349.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-epslatex-fr-doc.noarch                       9:svn19440.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-epspdf.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-epspdfconversion.noarch                      9:svn18703.0.61-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          9:svn53546-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-eq-pin2corr.noarch                           9:svn57815-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eqell.noarch                                 9:svn22931.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-eqexpl.noarch                                9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eqlist.noarch                                9:svn32257.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-eqnalign.noarch                              9:svn43278-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eqname.noarch                                9:svn20678.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-eqnarray.noarch                              9:svn20641.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-eqnnumwarn.noarch                            9:svn45511-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                              9:svn45215-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-erdc.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-erewhon.noarch                               9:svn58722-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-erewhon-math.noarch                          9:svn58903-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-errata.noarch                                9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-erw-l3.noarch                                9:svn55414-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-es-tex-faq-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.97-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-esami.noarch                                 9:svn47639-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-esdiff.noarch                                9:svn21385.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-esindex.noarch                               9:svn52342-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-esint.noarch                                 9:svn52240-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-esint-type1.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-esk.noarch                                   9:svn18115.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-eskd.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-eskdx.noarch                                 9:svn29235.0.98-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               9:svn56658-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-esrelation.noarch                            9:svn37236.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-esstix.noarch                                9:svn22426.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-estcpmm.noarch                               9:svn17335.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-esvect.noarch                                9:svn32098.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-etaremune.noarch                             9:svn15878.v1.2-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-etbb.noarch                                  9:svn56390-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-etdipa-doc.noarch                            9:svn36354.2.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-etex.noarch                                  9:svn56291-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              9:svn41784-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              9:svn53171-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-etextools.noarch                             9:svn20694.3.1415926-57.fc36         @updates                                    
texlive-ethiop.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ethiop-t1.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-etoc.noarch                                  9:svn55156-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              9:svn56554-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-etoolbox-de-doc.noarch                       9:svn21906.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-etsvthor.noarch                              9:svn48186-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-euclideangeometry.noarch                     9:svn54897-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 9:svn19795.0.1h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-euflag.noarch                                9:svn55265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eukdate.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-euler.noarch                                 9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eulerpx.noarch                               9:svn43735-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eulervm.noarch                               9:svn15878.4.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-euro.noarch                                  9:svn22191.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                               9:svn25714-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-europasscv.noarch                            9:svn56829-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-europecv.noarch                              9:svn59162-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-eurosym.noarch                               9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-57.fc36       @updates                                    
texlive-euxm.noarch                                  9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-everyhook.noarch                             9:svn35675.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-everypage.noarch                             9:svn56694-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-everysel.noarch                              9:svn57489-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-everyshi.noarch                              9:svn57001-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exam.noarch                                  9:svn58023-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exam-n.noarch                                9:svn42755-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exam-randomizechoices.noarch                 9:svn49662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-examdesign.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-example.noarch                               9:svn33398.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-examplep.noarch                              9:svn55265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exceltex.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-excludeonly.noarch                           9:svn17262.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-exercise.noarch                              9:svn35417.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-exercisebank.noarch                          9:svn50448-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exercisepoints.noarch                        9:svn49590-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exercises.noarch                             9:svn55188-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exesheet.noarch                              9:svn55916-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exframe.noarch                               9:svn53911-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exp-testopt.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-expdlist.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-expex.noarch                                 9:svn44499-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-expkv.noarch                                 9:svn58853-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-expkv-cs.noarch                              9:svn58852-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-expkv-def.noarch                             9:svn58814-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-expkv-opt.noarch                             9:svn58772-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-export.noarch                                9:svn27206.1.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-expose-expl3-dunkerque-2019.noarch           9:svn54451-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-expressg.noarch                              9:svn29349.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-exsheets.noarch                              9:svn52227-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exsol.noarch                                 9:svn48977-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-extarrows.noarch                             9:svn54400-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-exteps.noarch                                9:svn19859.0.41-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-extpfeil.noarch                              9:svn16243.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-extract.noarch                               9:svn52117-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              9:svn17263.1.4a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-facsimile.noarch                             9:svn21328.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-factura.noarch                               9:svn56948-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-facture.noarch                               9:svn43865-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-facture-belge-simple-sans-tva.noarch         9:svn49004-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-faktor.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              9:svn18304.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fancyhandout.noarch                          9:svn46411-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              9:svn64977-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fancyhdr-it-doc.noarch                       9:svn21912.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fancylabel.noarch                            9:svn46736-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fancynum.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fancypar.noarch                              9:svn58895-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.9c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fancyslides.noarch                           9:svn36263.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fancytabs.noarch                             9:svn41549-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fancytooltips.noarch                         9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              9:svn57488-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fandol.noarch                                9:svn37889.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fascicules.noarch                            9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fast-diagram.noarch                          9:svn29264.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fbb.noarch                                   9:svn55728-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fbithesis.noarch                             9:svn21340.1.2m-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fbox.noarch                                  9:svn55627-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fbs.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fc.noarch                                    9:svn32796.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fcavtex.noarch                               9:svn38074.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fcltxdoc.noarch                              9:svn24500.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fcolumn.noarch                               9:svn57428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fdsymbol.noarch                              9:svn26722.0.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fduthesis.noarch                             9:svn56216-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-featpost.noarch                              9:svn35346.0.8.8-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-fei.noarch                                   9:svn55960-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fenixpar.noarch                              9:svn24730.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fetamont.noarch                              9:svn43812-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fetchcls.noarch                              9:svn45245-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-feupphdteses.noarch                          9:svn30962.4.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fewerfloatpages.noarch                       9:svn58058-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-feyn.noarch                                  9:svn55777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-feynmf.noarch                                9:svn17259.1.08-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-feynmp-auto.noarch                           9:svn30223.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ffslides.noarch                              9:svn38895-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fge.noarch                                   9:svn37628.1.25-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fgruler.noarch                               9:svn56854-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fibeamer.noarch                              9:svn53146-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fifinddo-info-doc.noarch                     9:svn29349.1.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fifo-stack.noarch                            9:svn33288.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fig4latex.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-figbas.noarch                                9:svn28943.1.0.3-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-figbib.noarch                                9:svn19388.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-figchild.noarch                              9:svn58964-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-figflow.noarch                               9:svn21462.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-figsize.noarch                               9:svn18784.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          9:svn52142-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-filecontentsdef.noarch                       9:svn52208-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-filedate.noarch                              9:svn29529.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-filehook.noarch                              9:svn56479-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fileinfo.noarch                              9:svn28421.0.81a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-filemod.noarch                               9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-finbib.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-findhyph.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-fink.noarch                                  9:svn24329.2.2.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              9:svn21719.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fira.noarch                                  9:svn55437-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-firamath.noarch                              9:svn56672-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-firamath-otf.noarch                          9:svn50732-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-first-latex-doc-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-firstaid.noarch                              9:svn58440-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fitbox.noarch                                9:svn50088-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fithesis.noarch                              9:svn54483-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               9:svn38770-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fixcmex.noarch                               9:svn51825-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fixfoot.noarch                               9:svn17131.0.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fixjfm.noarch                                9:svn47113-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                            9:svn21631.1a-57.fc36                @updates                                    
texlive-fixltxhyph.noarch                            9:svn25832.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fixme.noarch                                 9:svn49591-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fixmetodonotes.noarch                        9:svn30168.0.2.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-fixpdfmag.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fiziko.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fjodor.noarch                                9:svn53207-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-flabels.noarch                               9:svn17272.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-flacards.noarch                              9:svn19440.0.1.1b-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-flagderiv.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-flashcards.noarch                            9:svn19667.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-flashmovie.noarch                            9:svn25768.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-flipbook.noarch                              9:svn25584.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-flippdf.noarch                               9:svn56782-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-float.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.3d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-floatflt.noarch                              9:svn25540.1.31-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-floatrow.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.3b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-flowchart.noarch                             9:svn36572.3.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-flowfram.noarch                              9:svn35291.1.17-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fltpoint.noarch                              9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fmp.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                              9:svn53912-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fn2end.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fnbreak.noarch                               9:svn25003.1.30-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fncychap.noarch                              9:svn20710.v1.34-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-fncylab.noarch                               9:svn52090-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fnpara.noarch                                9:svn25607.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fnpct.noarch                                 9:svn57508-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fnspe.noarch                                 9:svn45360-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fntproof.noarch                              9:svn20638.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fnumprint.noarch                             9:svn29173.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-foekfont.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-foilhtml.noarch                              9:svn21855.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-foliono.noarch                               9:svn58877-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fonetika.noarch                              9:svn21326.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-font-change.noarch                           9:svn40403-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-font-change-xetex.noarch                     9:svn40404-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                           9:svn48145-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontawesome5.noarch                          9:svn54517-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontaxes.noarch                              9:svn55920-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontbook.noarch                              9:svn23608.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fontch.noarch                                9:svn17859.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fontinst.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-fontmfizz.noarch                             9:svn43546-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontname.noarch                              9:svn53228-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontools.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-fonts-churchslavonic.noarch                  9:svn56350-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                            9:svn54994-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontsetup.noarch                             9:svn59079-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontsize.noarch                              9:svn58906-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fonttable.noarch                             9:svn44799-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fontware.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-footbib.noarch                               9:svn17115.2.0.7-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              9:svn23330.5.5b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-footmisx.noarch                              9:svn42621-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-footnotebackref.noarch                       9:svn27034.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                         9:svn57618-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-footnoterange.noarch                         9:svn52910-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-footnpag.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-forarray.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-foreign.noarch                               9:svn27819.2.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-forest.noarch                                9:svn57398-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-forest-quickstart-doc.noarch                 9:svn42503-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-forloop.noarch                               9:svn15878.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-formation-latex-ul.noarch                    9:svn56714-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-formlett.noarch                              9:svn21480.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-forms16be.noarch                             9:svn51305-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-formular.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-forum.noarch                                 9:svn56025-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fouridx.noarch                               9:svn32214.2.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fourier.noarch                               9:svn54090-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fouriernc.noarch                             9:svn29646.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fp.noarch                                    9:svn49719-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fragmaster.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-fragments.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-frame.noarch                                 9:svn18312.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-framed.noarch                                9:svn26789.0.96-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-francais-bst.noarch                          9:svn38922-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-frankenstein.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-frcursive.noarch                             9:svn24559.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-frederika2016.noarch                         9:svn42157-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-frege.noarch                                 9:svn27417.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-frenchmath.noarch                            9:svn56847-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-frimurer.noarch                              9:svn56704-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-frletter.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-frontespizio.noarch                          9:svn24054.1.4a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-froufrou.noarch                              9:svn59103-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-frpseudocode.noarch                          9:svn56088-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ftc-notebook.noarch                          9:svn50043-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ftcap.noarch                                 9:svn17275.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ftnxtra.noarch                               9:svn29652.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fullblck.noarch                              9:svn25434.1.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-fullminipage.noarch                          9:svn34545.0.1.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-fullwidth.noarch                             9:svn24684.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-functan.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fundus-calligra.noarch                       9:svn26018.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fundus-cyr.noarch                            9:svn26019.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-fundus-sueterlin.noarch                      9:svn26030.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-fvextra.noarch                               9:svn49947-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-fwlw.noarch                                  9:svn29803.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-g-brief.noarch                               9:svn50415-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gaceta.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.06-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-galois.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gamebook.noarch                              9:svn24714.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gammas.noarch                                9:svn56403-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-garamond-libre.noarch                        9:svn55166-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-garamond-math.noarch                         9:svn52820-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-garrigues.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                            9:svn37677.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gastex.noarch                                9:svn58505-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gatech-thesis.noarch                         9:svn19886.1.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gates.noarch                                 9:svn29803.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gatherenum.noarch                            9:svn52209-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gauss.noarch                                 9:svn32934.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gb4e.noarch                                  9:svn19216.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gbt7714.noarch                               9:svn57157-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gcard.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gchords.noarch                               9:svn29803.1.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-gcite.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gckanbun.noarch                              9:svn58754-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gender.noarch                                9:svn36464.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gene-logic.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-genealogy.noarch                             9:svn25112.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-genealogytree.noarch                         9:svn55978-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-genmpage.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.3.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gentium-tug.noarch                           9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gentle-doc.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gentombow.noarch                             9:svn56665-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-geometry.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-german.noarch                                9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-germbib.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-germkorr.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-geschichtsfrkl.noarch                        9:svn42121-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-getfiledate.noarch                           9:svn16189.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-getitems.noarch                              9:svn39365-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-getmap.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-getoptk.noarch                               9:svn23567.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        9:svn53170-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gfnotation.noarch                            9:svn37156.2.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gfsartemisia.noarch                          9:svn19469.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gfsbaskerville.noarch                        9:svn19440.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gfsbodoni.noarch                             9:svn28484.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-gfscomplutum.noarch                          9:svn19469.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gfsdidot.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gfsdidotclassic.noarch                       9:svn52778-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gfsneohellenic.noarch                        9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gfsneohellenicmath.noarch                    9:svn52570-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gfsporson.noarch                             9:svn18651.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-gfssolomos.noarch                            9:svn18651.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ghab.noarch                                  9:svn29803.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ghsystem.noarch                              9:svn53822-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gillcm.noarch                                9:svn19878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gillius.noarch                               9:svn32068.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gincltex.noarch                              9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gindex.noarch                                9:svn52311-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ginpenc.noarch                               9:svn24980.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-git-latexdiff.x86_64                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-gitfile-info.noarch                          9:svn51928-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gitinfo.noarch                               9:svn34049.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gitinfo2.noarch                              9:svn38913-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gitlog.noarch                                9:svn38932-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gitver.noarch                                9:svn56810-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-globalvals.noarch                            9:svn49962-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glosmathtools.noarch                         9:svn55920-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gloss.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.5.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gloss-occitan.noarch                         9:svn52593-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-glossaries-danish.noarch                     9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-dutch.noarch                      9:svn35685.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-english.noarch                    9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-estonian.noarch                   9:svn49928-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-extra.noarch                      9:svn54688-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-finnish.noarch                    9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-french.noarch                     9:svn42873-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-german.noarch                     9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-irish.noarch                      9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-italian.noarch                    9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-magyar.noarch                     9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-nynorsk.noarch                    9:svn55189-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-polish.noarch                     9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-portuges.noarch                   9:svn36064.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-serbian.noarch                    9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-slovene.noarch                    9:svn51211-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-glossaries-spanish.noarch                    9:svn35665.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-gmdoc.noarch                                 9:svn21292.0.993-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gmdoc-enhance.noarch                         9:svn15878.v0.2-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-gmiflink.noarch                              9:svn15878.v0.97-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gmp.noarch                                   9:svn21691.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gmutils.noarch                               9:svn24287.v0.996-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-gmverb.noarch                                9:svn24288.v0.98-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gmverse.noarch                               9:svn29803.v0.73-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gnu-freefont.noarch                          9:svn29349.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gnuplottex.noarch                            9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-go.noarch                                    9:svn28628.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gobble.noarch                                9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gofonts.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gost.noarch                                  9:svn57616-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gothic.noarch                                9:svn49869-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gotoh.noarch                                 9:svn44764-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-grabbox.noarch                               9:svn51052-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gradientframe.noarch                         9:svn21387.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gradstudentresume.noarch                     9:svn38832-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-grafcet.noarch                               9:svn22509.1.3.5-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-grant.noarch                                 9:svn56852-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graph35.noarch                               9:svn47522-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphbox.noarch                              9:svn46360-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphics.noarch                              9:svn56514-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          9:svn41448-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          9:svn58539-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-graphics-pln.noarch                          9:svn56823-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphicx-psmin.noarch                        9:svn56931-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphicxbox.noarch                           9:svn32630.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-graphicxpsd.noarch                           9:svn57341-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphpaper.noarch                            9:svn58661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-graphviz.noarch                              9:svn31517.0.94-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-grayhints.noarch                             9:svn49052-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-greek-fontenc.noarch                         9:svn56851-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-greek-inputenc.noarch                        9:svn51612-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-greekdates.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-greektex.noarch                              9:svn28327.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-greektonoi.noarch                            9:svn39419-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-greenpoint.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gregoriotex.x86_64                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-grfext.noarch                                9:svn53024-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-grffile.noarch                               9:svn52756-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-grfpaste.noarch                              9:svn17354.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-grid.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-grid-system.noarch                           9:svn32981.0.3.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-gridpapers.noarch                            9:svn58723-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gridset.noarch                               9:svn53762-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gridslides.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-grotesq.noarch                               9:svn35859.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-grundgesetze.noarch                          9:svn58997-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gsemthesis.noarch                            9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-gtl.noarch                                   9:svn49527-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gtrcrd.noarch                                9:svn32484.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-gtrlib-largetrees.noarch                     9:svn49062-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gu.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-gudea.noarch                                 9:svn57359-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-guide-to-latex-doc.noarch                    9:svn45712-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-guitar.noarch                                9:svn32258.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-guitarchordschemes.noarch                    9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-guitartabs.noarch                            9:svn48102-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-guitlogo.noarch                              9:svn55741-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gustlib.noarch                               9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gustprog-doc.noarch                          9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-gzt.noarch                                   9:svn57765-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-h2020proposal.noarch                         9:svn38428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hackthefootline.noarch                       9:svn46494-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hacm.noarch                                  9:svn27671.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hagenberg-thesis.noarch                      9:svn56798-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-halloweenmath.noarch                         9:svn52602-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-handin.noarch                                9:svn48255-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-handout.noarch                               9:svn43962-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hands.noarch                                 9:svn13293.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-hang.noarch                                  9:svn43280-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hanging.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.2b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hanoi.noarch                                 9:svn25019.20120101-57.fc36          @updates                                    
texlive-happy4th-doc.noarch                          9:svn25020.20120102-57.fc36          @updates                                    
texlive-har2nat.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-haranoaji.noarch                             9:svn58830-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-haranoaji-extra.noarch                       9:svn58831-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hardwrap.noarch                              9:svn21396.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-harmony.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-harnon-cv.noarch                             9:svn26543.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-harpoon.noarch                               9:svn21327.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-harvard.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.0.5-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-harveyballs.noarch                           9:svn32003.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-harvmac.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-hatching.noarch                              9:svn23818.0.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hausarbeit-jura.noarch                       9:svn56070-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-havannah.noarch                              9:svn36348.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-hc.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-he-she.noarch                                9:svn41359-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hecthese.noarch                              9:svn56181-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-helmholtz-ellis-ji-notation.noarch           9:svn55213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-hep.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hep-paper.noarch                             9:svn57045-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hepnames.noarch                              9:svn35722.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hepparticles.noarch                          9:svn35723.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hepthesis.noarch                             9:svn46054-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hepunits.noarch                              9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-here.noarch                                  9:svn16135.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-heuristica.noarch                            9:svn51362-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hexgame.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hf-tikz.noarch                               9:svn34733.0.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hfbright.noarch                              9:svn29349.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-hfoldsty.noarch                              9:svn29349.1.15-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hhtensor.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-highlightlatex.noarch                        9:svn58392-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hindawi-latex-template.noarch                9:svn57757-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hindmadurai.noarch                           9:svn57360-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-histogr.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-historische-zeitschrift.noarch               9:svn42635-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hitec.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0.0_beta_-57.fc36         @updates                                    
texlive-hithesis.noarch                              9:svn53362-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hitreport.noarch                             9:svn58357-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hitszbeamer.noarch                           9:svn54381-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hitszthesis.noarch                           9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hletter.noarch                               9:svn30002.4.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hlist.noarch                                 9:svn44983-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hmtrump.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hobby.noarch                                 9:svn44474-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hobete.noarch                                9:svn27036.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                9:svn52810-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hologo.noarch                                9:svn53048-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg-doc.noarch               9:svn41378-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hopatch.noarch                               9:svn56106-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-horoscop.noarch                              9:svn56021-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hpsdiss.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-hrefhide.noarch                              9:svn22255.1.0f-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hrlatex.noarch                               9:svn18020.0.23-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hu-berlin-bundle.noarch                      9:svn57580-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-huawei.noarch                                9:svn59328-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hulipsum.noarch                              9:svn56848-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hustthesis.noarch                            9:svn42547-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hvarabic.noarch                              9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hvfloat.noarch                               9:svn59104-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hvindex.noarch                               9:svn46051-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hvqrurl.noarch                               9:svn52993-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               9:svn53584-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hypdestopt.noarch                            9:svn56253-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hypdvips.noarch                              9:svn53197-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyper.noarch                                 9:svn17357.4.2d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hyperbar.noarch                              9:svn48147-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hypernat.noarch                              9:svn17358.1.0b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              9:svn58024-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyperxmp.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             9:svn58619-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-hyphen-afrikaans.noarch                      9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek.noarch                   9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-arabic.noarch                         9:svn54568-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-armenian.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           9:svn58630-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-hyphen-basque.noarch                         9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-belarusian.noarch                     9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-bulgarian.noarch                      9:svn58685-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-catalan.noarch                        9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-chinese.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic.noarch                 9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-coptic.noarch                         9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-croatian.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-czech.noarch                          9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-danish.noarch                         9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-dutch.noarch                          9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-english.noarch                        9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-esperanto.noarch                      9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-estonian.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-ethiopic.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-farsi.noarch                          9:svn54568-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-finnish.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-french.noarch                         9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-friulan.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-galician.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-georgian.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-german.noarch                         9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-greek.noarch                          9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-hungarian.noarch                      9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-icelandic.noarch                      9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-indic.noarch                          9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-indonesian.noarch                     9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-interlingua.noarch                    9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-irish.noarch                          9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-italian.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-kurmanji.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-latin.noarch                          9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-latvian.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-lithuanian.noarch                     9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-macedonian.noarch                     9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-mongolian.noarch                      9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-norwegian.noarch                      9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-occitan.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-piedmontese.noarch                    9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-polish.noarch                         9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-portuguese.noarch                     9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-romanian.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-romansh.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-russian.noarch                        9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-sanskrit.noarch                       9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-serbian.noarch                        9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-slovak.noarch                         9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-slovenian.noarch                      9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-spanish.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-swedish.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-thai.noarch                           9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-turkish.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-turkmen.noarch                        9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-ukrainian.noarch                      9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian.noarch                   9:svn58609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphen-welsh.noarch                          9:svn58652-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.3c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                              9:svn57387-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-hyplain.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ibarra.noarch                                9:svn55820-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ibycus-babel.noarch                          9:svn15878.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ibygrk.noarch                                9:svn15878.4.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-icite.noarch                                 9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-icsv.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-identkey.noarch                              9:svn49018-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-idxcmds.noarch                               9:svn54554-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-idxlayout.noarch                             9:svn25821.0.4d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ieeepes.noarch                               9:svn17359.4.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ietfbibs-doc.noarch                          9:svn41332-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-iffont.noarch                                9:svn38823-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ifmslide.noarch                              9:svn20727.0.47-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               9:svn47544-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ifnextok.noarch                              9:svn23379.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                             9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            9:svn45533-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ifptex.noarch                                9:svn52626-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ifsym.noarch                                 9:svn24868.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ifthenx.noarch                               9:svn25819.0.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ifxptex.noarch                               9:svn46153-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-iitem.noarch                                 9:svn29613.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ijmart.noarch                                9:svn30958.1.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ijqc.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ijsra.noarch                                 9:svn44886-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-imac.noarch                                  9:svn17347.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-image-gallery.noarch                         9:svn15878.v1.0j-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-imakeidx.noarch                              9:svn42287-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-imfellenglish.noarch                         9:svn38547-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-impatient-cn-doc.noarch                      9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-impatient-doc.noarch                         9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-impatient-fr-doc.noarch                      9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-impnattypo.noarch                            9:svn50227-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-import.noarch                                9:svn54683-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-imsproc.noarch                               9:svn29803.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-imtekda.noarch                               9:svn17667.1.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-incgraph.noarch                              9:svn36500.1.12-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-includernw.noarch                            9:svn47557-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inconsolata.noarch                           9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-index.noarch                                 9:svn24099.4.1beta-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-indextools.noarch                            9:svn38931-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             9:svn53023-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-initials.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inkpaper.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inline-images.noarch                         9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inlinebib.noarch                             9:svn22018.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-inlinedef.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-innerscript.noarch                           9:svn57672-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inputenx.noarch                              9:svn52986-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inputtrc.noarch                              9:svn28019.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-inriafonts.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-insbox.noarch                                9:svn34299.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-install-latex-guide-zh-cn.noarch             9:svn59037-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-installfont.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               9:svn53168-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-inter.noarch                                 9:svn58892-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-interactiveworkbook.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-interchar.noarch                             9:svn36312.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-interfaces.noarch                            9:svn21474.3.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-interpreter.noarch                           9:svn27232.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-interval.noarch                              9:svn50265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-intopdf.noarch                               9:svn58743-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-intro-scientific-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.5th_edition-57.fc36       @updates                                    
texlive-inversepath.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-invoice.noarch                               9:svn48359-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-invoice-class.noarch                         9:svn49749-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-invoice2.noarch                              9:svn46364-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-iodhbwm.noarch                               9:svn57773-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ionumbers.noarch                             9:svn33457.0.3.3-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-iopart-num.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ipaex.noarch                                 9:svn52032-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ipaex-type1.noarch                           9:svn47700-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-is-bst.noarch                                9:svn52623-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-iscram.noarch                                9:svn45801-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-iso.noarch                                   9:svn15878.2.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-iso10303.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-isodate.noarch                               9:svn16613.2.28-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-isodoc.noarch                                9:svn57811-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-isomath.noarch                               9:svn27654.0.6.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-isonums.noarch                               9:svn17362.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-isopt.noarch                                 9:svn45509-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-isorot.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-isotope.noarch                               9:svn23711.v0.3-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-issuulinks.noarch                            9:svn25742.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-istgame.noarch                               9:svn49848-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-itnumpar.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-iwhdp.noarch                                 9:svn37552.0.50-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-iwona.noarch                                 9:svn19611.0.995b-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-jablantile.noarch                            9:svn16364.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-jacow.noarch                                 9:svn50870-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jadetex.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-jamtimes.noarch                              9:svn20408.1.12-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-japanese-otf.noarch                          9:svn57826-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-japanese-otf-uptex.noarch                    9:svn56932-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jbact.noarch                                 9:svn52717-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jfmutil.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-jigsaw.noarch                                9:svn49111-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jkmath.noarch                                9:svn47109-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              9:svn19440.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-jlabels.noarch                               9:svn24858.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-jlreq.noarch                                 9:svn58472-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jlreq-deluxe.noarch                          9:svn58329-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jmb.noarch                                   9:svn52718-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jmlr.noarch                                  9:svn56395-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jmn.noarch                                   9:svn45751-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jneurosci.noarch                             9:svn17346.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-jnuexam.noarch                               9:svn56867-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-josefin.noarch                               9:svn57152-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jpsj.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.2.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-js-misc.noarch                               9:svn16211.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-jsclasses.noarch                             9:svn56608-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jslectureplanner.noarch                      9:svn57095-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jumplines.noarch                             9:svn37553.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-junicode.noarch                              9:svn53954-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jupynotex.noarch                             9:svn56715-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-jura.noarch                                  9:svn15878.4.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-juraabbrev.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-jurabib.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-juramisc.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.91-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-jurarsp.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.52-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-jvlisting.noarch                             9:svn24638.0.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-kalendarium.noarch                           9:svn48744-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kanaparser.noarch                            9:svn48052-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kantlipsum.noarch                            9:svn51727-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-karnaugh.noarch                              9:svn21338.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-karnaugh-map.noarch                          9:svn44131-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-karnaughmap.noarch                           9:svn36989.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-kblocks.noarch                               9:svn57617-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kdgdocs.noarch                               9:svn24498.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                9:svn56271-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kerntest.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.32-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ketcindy.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-keycommand.noarch                            9:svn18042.3.1415-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-keyfloat.noarch                              9:svn52160-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-keyindex.noarch                              9:svn50828-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-keyreader.noarch                             9:svn28195.0.5b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-keystroke.noarch                             9:svn17992.v1.6-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-keyval2e.noarch                              9:svn23698.0.0.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-keyvaltable.noarch                           9:svn54677-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kix.noarch                                   9:svn21606.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-kixfont.noarch                               9:svn18488.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-kluwer.noarch                                9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-knitting.noarch                              9:svn50782-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-knittingpattern.noarch                       9:svn17205.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-knowledge.noarch                             9:svn58724-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-knuth-errata.noarch                          9:svn58682-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             9:svn57963-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           9:svn57963-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-knuth-pdf.noarch                             9:svn58470-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-koma-moderncvclassic.noarch                  9:svn25025.v0.5-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           9:svn58585-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-koma-script-examples-doc.noarch              9:svn47523-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-koma-script-sfs.noarch                       9:svn26137.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-komacv.noarch                                9:svn57721-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-komacv-rg.noarch                             9:svn49064-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kotex-oblivoir.noarch                        9:svn58436-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kotex-plain.noarch                           9:svn38630-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kotex-utf.noarch                             9:svn38558-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kotex-utils.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-kpfonts.noarch                               9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kpfonts-otf.noarch                           9:svn59304-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ksfh_nat.noarch                              9:svn24825.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ksp-thesis.noarch                            9:svn39080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ktv-texdata.noarch                           9:svn27369.05.34-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-ku-template.noarch                           9:svn45935-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kurdishlipsum.noarch                         9:svn47518-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kurier.noarch                                9:svn19612.0.995b-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          9:svn53193-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kvmap.noarch                                 9:svn56361-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             9:svn56609-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             9:svn53166-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-l2picfaq-doc.noarch                          9:svn19601.1.50-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-l2tabu-doc.noarch                            9:svn39597-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-l2tabu-english-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.8.5.7-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-l2tabu-french-doc.noarch                     9:svn31315.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-l2tabu-italian-doc.noarch                    9:svn25218.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-l2tabu-spanish-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             9:svn59118-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-l3build.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        9:svn57789-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              9:svn59118-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            9:svn59118-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-labbook.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-labels.noarch                                9:svn15878.13-57.fc36                @updates                                    
texlive-labels4easylist.noarch                       9:svn51124-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-labelschanged.noarch                         9:svn46040-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-labyrinth.noarch                             9:svn33454.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lacheck.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ladder.noarch                                9:svn44394-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lambda.noarch                                9:svn45756-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lambda-lists.noarch                          9:svn31402.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-langcode.noarch                              9:svn27764.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-langsci.noarch                               9:svn58820-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-langsci-avm.noarch                           9:svn55846-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lapdf.noarch                                 9:svn23806.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lastpackage.noarch                           9:svn34481.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lastpage.noarch                              9:svn36680.1.2m-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-latex.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latex-base-dev.noarch                        9:svn59080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-brochure-doc.noarch                    9:svn40612-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-course-doc.noarch                      9:svn25505.2-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-latex-doc-ptr-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-latex-firstaid-dev.noarch                    9:svn57981-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           9:svn28888.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-latex-git-log.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latex-graphics-companion-doc.noarch          9:svn29235.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-latex-make.noarch                            9:svn57349-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-mr-doc.noarch                          9:svn44601-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.1.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-latex-papersize.noarch                       9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latex-refsheet-doc.noarch                    9:svn45076-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-uni8.noarch                            9:svn49729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-veryshortguide-doc.noarch              9:svn41844-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-via-exemplos.noarch                    9:svn53248-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex-web-companion-doc.noarch               9:svn29349.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo.noarch                  9:svn57213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr-doc.noarch           9:svn44997-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish.noarch          9:svn57213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex2man.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latex2nemeth.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latex4musicians.noarch                       9:svn49759-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latex4wp-doc.noarch                          9:svn35999.1.0.10-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-latex4wp-it-doc.noarch                       9:svn36000.1.0.10-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-latexbangla.noarch                           9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexbug.noarch                              9:svn58151-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexcheat-de-doc.noarch                     9:svn35702.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-latexcheat-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.13-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-latexcheat-esmx-doc.noarch                   9:svn36866.2.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-latexcheat-ptbr-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.1.13-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-latexcolors.noarch                           9:svn49888-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           9:svn53525-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexcourse-rug-doc.noarch                   9:svn39026-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexdemo.noarch                             9:svn55265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexdiff.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs.noarch                    9:svn26760.0.22-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-latexfileversion.noarch                      9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latexgit.noarch                              9:svn54811-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexindent.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latexmp.noarch                               9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-latexpand.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-latino-sine-flexione.noarch                  9:svn53485-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lato.noarch                                  9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-layaureo.noarch                              9:svn19087.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-layouts.noarch                               9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lazylist.noarch                              9:svn17691.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lccaps.noarch                                9:svn46432-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lcd.noarch                                   9:svn16549.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lcdftypetools.x86_64                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-lcg.noarch                                   9:svn31474.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lcyw.noarch                                  9:svn15878.v1.1-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-leading.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-leadsheets.noarch                            9:svn52275-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-leaflet.noarch                               9:svn56878-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lebhart.noarch                               9:svn59322-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lecturer.noarch                              9:svn23916.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lectures.noarch                              9:svn53642-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lectureslides.noarch                         9:svn58393-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ledmac.noarch                                9:svn41811-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-leftidx.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-leftindex.noarch                             9:svn56182-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-leipzig.noarch                               9:svn52450-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lengthconvert.noarch                         9:svn55064-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           9:svn53022-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-letterspacing.noarch                         9:svn54266-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-letterswitharrows.noarch                     9:svn53709-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lettre.noarch                                9:svn54722-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lettrine.noarch                              9:svn54560-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-levy.noarch                                  9:svn21750.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lewis.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lexend.noarch                                9:svn57564-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lexikon.noarch                               9:svn17364.1.0c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lexref.noarch                                9:svn36026.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lfb.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lgreek.noarch                                9:svn21818.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lh.noarch                                    9:svn15878.3.5g-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lhcyr.noarch                                 9:svn31795.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lhelp.noarch                                 9:svn23638.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @anaconda                                   
texlive-libertine.noarch                             9:svn54583-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libertinegc.noarch                           9:svn44616-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libertinus.noarch                            9:svn55064-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libertinus-fonts.noarch                      9:svn57948-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libertinus-otf.noarch                        9:svn57398-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libertinus-type1.noarch                      9:svn57754-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libertinust1math.noarch                      9:svn56861-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libgreek.noarch                              9:svn27789.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-librarian.noarch                             9:svn19880.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-librebaskerville.noarch                      9:svn56018-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-librebodoni.noarch                           9:svn39375-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-librecaslon.noarch                           9:svn56003-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-librefranklin.noarch                         9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-libris.noarch                                9:svn19409.1.007-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-lie-hasse.noarch                             9:svn53653-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-light-latex-make.x86_64                      9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-lilyglyphs.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-limap.noarch                                 9:svn44863-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-limecv.noarch                                9:svn54329-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lineara.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-linegoal.noarch                              9:svn21523.2.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lineno.noarch                                9:svn57866-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ling-macros.noarch                           9:svn42268-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-linguex.noarch                               9:svn30815.4.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-linguisticspro.noarch                        9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-linop.noarch                                 9:svn41304-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lion-msc.noarch                              9:svn55415-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lipsum.noarch                                9:svn58123-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lisp-on-tex.noarch                           9:svn38722-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-listbib.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-listing.noarch                               9:svn17373.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-listings.noarch                              9:svn55265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-listings-ext.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-listingsutf8.noarch                          9:svn53097-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-listlbls.noarch                              9:svn34893.1.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-listliketab.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-listofitems.noarch                           9:svn51923-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-listofsymbols.noarch                         9:svn16134.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lithuanian.noarch                            9:svn46039-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-liturg.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lkproof.noarch                               9:svn20021.3.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-llncsconf.noarch                             9:svn55117-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lm.noarch                                    9:svn58637-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               9:svn36915.1.959-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-lmake.noarch                                 9:svn25552.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lni.noarch                                   9:svn58061-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lobster2.noarch                              9:svn56019-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-locality.noarch                              9:svn20422.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-localloc.noarch                              9:svn56496-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-logbox.noarch                                9:svn24499.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-logical-markup-utils.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-logicproof.noarch                            9:svn33254.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-logicpuzzle.noarch                           9:svn34491.2.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-logix.noarch                                 9:svn57457-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-logpap.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-logreq.noarch                                9:svn53003-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lollipop.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-longdivision.noarch                          9:svn55117-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-longfbox.noarch                              9:svn39028-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-longfigure.noarch                            9:svn34302.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-longnamefilelist.noarch                      9:svn27889.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-loops.noarch                                 9:svn30704.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lpform.noarch                                9:svn36918.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lpic.noarch                                  9:svn20843.0.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lplfitch.noarch                              9:svn31077.0.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lps.noarch                                   9:svn21322.0.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lroundrect.noarch                            9:svn39804-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lsc.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-bulgarian-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-chinese-doc.noarch                    9:svn50986-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-czech-doc.noarch                      9:svn29803.4.27-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-dutch-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-english-doc.noarch                    9:svn46763-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-estonian-doc.noarch                   9:svn39323-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-finnish-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-french-doc.noarch                     9:svn23332.5.01fr_0-57.fc36          @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-german-doc.noarch                     9:svn47401-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-italian-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-japanese-doc.noarch                   9:svn36207.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-korean-doc.noarch                     9:svn51035-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-mongol-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.4.26-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-persian-doc.noarch                    9:svn31296.5.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-polish-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-portuguese-doc.noarch                 9:svn22569.5.01.0-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-russian-doc.noarch                    9:svn18906.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-slovak-doc.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-slovenian-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.4.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-spanish-doc.noarch                    9:svn35050.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-thai-doc.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.32-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-turkish-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.4.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-ukr-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.4.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lshort-vietnamese-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.4.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-lstaddons.noarch                             9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lstbayes.noarch                              9:svn48160-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lstfiracode.noarch                           9:svn49503-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lt3graph.noarch                              9:svn45913-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ltablex.noarch                               9:svn34923.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              9:svn17533.1.74d-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-ltb2bib.noarch                               9:svn43746-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               9:svn56421-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ltxdockit.noarch                             9:svn21869.1.2d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ltxfileinfo.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ltxguidex.noarch                             9:svn50992-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ltximg.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ltxkeys.noarch                               9:svn28332.0.0.3c-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               9:svn21927.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ltxnew.noarch                                9:svn21586.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ltxtools.noarch                              9:svn24897.0.0.1a-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        9:svn56414-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-check-hyphen.noarch                      9:svn47527-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-physical.noarch                          9:svn59138-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-typo.noarch                              9:svn58744-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-uca.noarch                               9:svn56414-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-ul.noarch                                9:svn58988-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-uni-algos.noarch                         9:svn55206-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lua-visual-debug.noarch                      9:svn57349-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luabibentry.noarch                           9:svn55777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luabidi.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luacode.noarch                               9:svn25193.1.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-luacolor.noarch                              9:svn57829-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-luahyphenrules.noarch                        9:svn56200-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luaimageembed.noarch                         9:svn50788-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luaindex.noarch                              9:svn25882.0.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-luainputenc.noarch                           9:svn20491.0.973-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-luaintro-doc.noarch                          9:svn35490.0.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-luajittex.x86_64                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-luakeys.noarch                               9:svn57463-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lualatex-doc-de-doc.noarch                   9:svn30474.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-lualatex-doc-doc.noarch                      9:svn30473.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         9:svn56541-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lualatex-truncate.noarch                     9:svn48469-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               9:svn57277-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luamesh.noarch                               9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luamplib.noarch                              9:svn58279-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-luapackageloader.noarch                      9:svn54779-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luaprogtable.noarch                          9:svn56113-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luarandom.noarch                             9:svn49419-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luasseq.noarch                               9:svn37877.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-luatex85.noarch                              9:svn41456-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            9:svn52663-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luatexja.noarch                              9:svn58542-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luatexko.noarch                              9:svn58928-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luatextra.noarch                             9:svn20747.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-luatodonotes.noarch                          9:svn53825-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luavlna.noarch                               9:svn58087-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-luaxml.noarch                                9:svn57183-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-lxfonts.noarch                               9:svn32354.2.0b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ly1.noarch                                   9:svn47848-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-lyluatex.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-m-tx.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-macros2e-doc.noarch                          9:svn46026-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-macroswap.noarch                             9:svn31498.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mafr.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-magaz.noarch                                 9:svn24694.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-magicnum.noarch                              9:svn52983-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-magra.noarch                                 9:svn57373-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mahjong.noarch                               9:svn58896-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mailing.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mailmerge.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-make4ht.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-makebarcode.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-makebase.noarch                              9:svn41012-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-makebox.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-makecell.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.1e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-makecirc.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-makecookbook.noarch                          9:svn49311-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-makedtx.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-makeglos.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-makeplot.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0.6-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-maker.noarch                                 9:svn44823-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-makerobust.noarch                            9:svn52811-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-makeshape.noarch                             9:svn28973.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mandi.noarch                                 9:svn49720-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-manfnt.noarch                                9:svn54684-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                           9:svn54684-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-manuscript.noarch                            9:svn36110.1.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-manyind.noarch                               9:svn49874-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-marathi.noarch                               9:svn59172-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-marcellus.noarch                             9:svn56016-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-margbib.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-marginfit.noarch                             9:svn48281-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-marginfix.noarch                             9:svn55064-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            9:svn48383-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-markdown.noarch                              9:svn56414-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              9:svn29349.2.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-matapli.noarch                               9:svn58635-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-matc3.noarch                                 9:svn29845.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-matc3mem.noarch                              9:svn35773.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-match_parens.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-math-into-latex-4-doc.noarch                 9:svn44131-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathabx.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mathabx-type1.noarch                         9:svn21129.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mathalpha.noarch                             9:svn52305-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathastext.noarch                            9:svn52840-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathcommand.noarch                           9:svn53044-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathcomp.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.1f-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mathdesign.noarch                            9:svn31639.2.31-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mathdots.noarch                              9:svn34301.0.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mathexam.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mathfam256.noarch                            9:svn53519-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathfixs.noarch                              9:svn49547-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathfont.noarch                              9:svn53035-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathlig.noarch                               9:svn54244-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathpartir.noarch                            9:svn39864-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              9:svn52663-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathpunctspace.noarch                        9:svn46754-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-maths-symbols-doc.noarch                     9:svn37763.3.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              9:svn42773-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mathspic.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             9:svn58856-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-matlab-prettifier.noarch                     9:svn34323.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-matrix-skeleton.noarch                       9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mattens.noarch                               9:svn17582.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-maybemath.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mcaption.noarch                              9:svn15878.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mceinleger.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mcexam.noarch                                9:svn46155-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mcf2graph.noarch                             9:svn59086-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mcite.noarch                                 9:svn18173.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mciteplus.noarch                             9:svn31648.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mcmthesis.noarch                             9:svn57333-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mdframed.noarch                              9:svn31075.1.9b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mdputu.noarch                                9:svn20298.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mdsymbol.noarch                              9:svn28399.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.05.4-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-media4svg.noarch                             9:svn57528-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-media9.noarch                                9:svn58025-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-medstarbeamer.noarch                         9:svn38828-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-meetingmins.noarch                           9:svn31878.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-membranecomputing.noarch                     9:svn55918-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-memdesign-doc.noarch                         9:svn48664-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-memexsupp.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-memoir.noarch                                9:svn58666-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-memory.noarch                                9:svn30452.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-memorygraphs.noarch                          9:svn49631-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mendex-doc.noarch                            9:svn50268-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mensa-tex.noarch                             9:svn45997-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mentis.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-menu.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0.994-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-menucard.noarch                              9:svn55643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-menukeys.noarch                              9:svn57172-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mercatormap.noarch                           9:svn56060-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-merriweather.noarch                          9:svn56365-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-metafont-beginners-doc.noarch                9:svn29803.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-metago.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              9:svn18611.0.12-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-metalogox.noarch                             9:svn49774-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-metanorma.noarch                             9:svn55010-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-metaobj.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.93-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-metaplot.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.91-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-metapost.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-metapost-colorbrewer.noarch                  9:svn48753-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-metapost-examples-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-metastr.noarch                               9:svn56246-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-metatex.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-metatype1.noarch                             9:svn37105-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-metauml.noarch                               9:svn49923-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-method.noarch                                9:svn17485.2.0b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-metre.noarch                                 9:svn18489.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-metrix.noarch                                9:svn52323-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mex.noarch                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mf2pt1.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mfirstuc.noarch                              9:svn45803-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                           9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mflua.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                9:svn46036-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mfpic.noarch                                 9:svn28444.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mfpic4ode.noarch                             9:svn17745.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mftinc.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mgltex.noarch                                9:svn41676-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mhchem.noarch                                9:svn52662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mhequ.noarch                                 9:svn38224.1.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mi-solns.noarch                              9:svn49651-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-miama.noarch                                 9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-microtype.noarch                             9:svn58394-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-microtype-de-doc.noarch                      9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-midnight.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-midpage.noarch                               9:svn17484.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-miller.noarch                                9:svn18789.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-milog.noarch                                 9:svn41610-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-milsymb.noarch                               9:svn54361-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mindflow.noarch                              9:svn59346-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-minibox.noarch                               9:svn30914.0.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-minidocument.noarch                          9:svn43752-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-minifp.noarch                                9:svn32559.0.96-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-minimalist.noarch                            9:svn59317-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-minipage-marginpar.noarch                    9:svn15878.v0.2-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-miniplot.noarch                              9:svn17483.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-minitoc.noarch                               9:svn48196-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-minorrevision.noarch                         9:svn32165.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-minted.noarch                                9:svn44855-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mintspirit.noarch                            9:svn32069.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-minutes.noarch                               9:svn42186-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mismath.noarch                               9:svn56949-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-missaali.noarch                              9:svn58771-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mkgrkindex.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mkjobtexmf.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mkpattern.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mkpic.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mla-paper.noarch                             9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mlacls.noarch                                9:svn56878-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mleftright.noarch                            9:svn53021-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mlist.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0.6a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mlmodern.noarch                              9:svn57458-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mltex.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mluexercise.noarch                           9:svn56927-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mmap.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mnotes.noarch                                9:svn35521.0.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mnras.noarch                                 9:svn55729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              9:svn18651.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-modeles-factures-belges-assocs.noarch        9:svn50010-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-moderncv.noarch                              9:svn57496-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-modernposter.noarch                          9:svn47269-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-moderntimeline.noarch                        9:svn55518-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-modes.noarch                                 9:svn56303-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-modiagram.noarch                             9:svn56886-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-modref.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-modroman.noarch                              9:svn29803.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-modular.noarch                               9:svn44142-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-modulus.noarch                               9:svn47599-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mongolian-babel.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-monofill.noarch                              9:svn28140.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-montex.noarch                                9:svn29349.IVu.04.092-57.fc36        @updates                                    
texlive-montserrat.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-moodle.noarch                                9:svn57683-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-moreenum.noarch                              9:svn24479.1.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-morefloats.noarch                            9:svn37927.1.0h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-morehype.noarch                              9:svn38815-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-moresize.noarch                              9:svn17513.1.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-moreverb.noarch                              9:svn22126.2.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-morewrites.noarch                            9:svn49531-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-morisawa.noarch                              9:svn46946-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mp3d.noarch                                  9:svn29349.1.34-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              9:svn59066-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mparrows.noarch                              9:svn39729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mpattern.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mpcolornames.noarch                          9:svn23252.0.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mpfonts.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mpgraphics.noarch                            9:svn29776.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mpman-ru-doc.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.004-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-mpostinl.noarch                              9:svn49559-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-mptrees.noarch                               9:svn44453-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ms.noarch                                    9:svn57473-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-msc.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.16-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-msg.noarch                                   9:svn49578-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mslapa.noarch                                9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-msu-thesis.noarch                            9:svn59146-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mtgreek.noarch                               9:svn17967.1.1+-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mucproc.noarch                               9:svn43445-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mugsthesis.noarch                            9:svn34878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-muling.noarch                                9:svn56991-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-multenum.noarch                              9:svn21775.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-multiaudience.noarch                         9:svn38035.1.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-multibbl.noarch                              9:svn15878.v1.1-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-multibib.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-multibibliography.noarch                     9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-multicap.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-multicolrule.noarch                          9:svn56366-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-multidef.noarch                              9:svn40637-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-multido.noarch                               9:svn18302.1.42-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-multienv.noarch                              9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-multiexpand.noarch                           9:svn45943-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-multilang.noarch                             9:svn49065-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-multiobjective.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-multirow.noarch                              9:svn58396-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-munich.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-musical.noarch                               9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-musicography.noarch                          9:svn53596-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-musikui.noarch                               9:svn47472-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-musixguit.noarch                             9:svn21649.1.2.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-musixtex.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-musixtex-fonts.noarch                        9:svn37762.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-musixtnt.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-musuos.noarch                                9:svn24857.1.1d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-muthesis.noarch                              9:svn23861.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-mversion.noarch                              9:svn29370.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-mwcls.noarch                                 9:svn44352-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mwe.noarch                                   9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mweights.noarch                              9:svn53520-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mxedruli.noarch                              9:svn30021.3.3c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-mycv.noarch                                  9:svn26807.1.5.6-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-mylatex.noarch                               9:svn56751-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-mylatexformat.noarch                         9:svn21392.3.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-mynsfc.noarch                                9:svn41996-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-na-box.noarch                                9:svn45130-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-na-position.noarch                           9:svn55559-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nag.noarch                                   9:svn24741.0.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nameauth.noarch                              9:svn58026-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-namedef.noarch                               9:svn55881-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-namespc.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-nanicolle.noarch                             9:svn56224-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nanumtype1.noarch                            9:svn29558.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nar.noarch                                   9:svn38100.3.19-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-natbib.noarch                                9:svn20668.8.31b-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-natded.noarch                                9:svn32693.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nath.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-nature.noarch                                9:svn21819.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-navigator.noarch                             9:svn41413-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-navydocs.noarch                              9:svn41643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ncclatex.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ncctools.noarch                              9:svn51810-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-nddiss.noarch                                9:svn45107-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ndsu-thesis.noarch                           9:svn46639-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-needspace.noarch                             9:svn29601.1.3d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-nestquot.noarch                              9:svn27323.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-neuralnetwork.noarch                         9:svn31500.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nevelok.noarch                               9:svn39029-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newcommand-doc.noarch                        9:svn18704.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-newcomputermodern.noarch                     9:svn59041-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newenviron.noarch                            9:svn29331.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-newfile.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-newfloat.noarch                              9:svn52906-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newlfm.noarch                                9:svn15878.9.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-newpax.noarch                                9:svn58212-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newpx.noarch                                 9:svn58838-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newsletr.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-newspaper.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-newtx.noarch                                 9:svn58748-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newtxsf.noarch                               9:svn56527-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newtxtt.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newunicodechar.noarch                        9:svn47382-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-newvbtm.noarch                               9:svn23996.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-newverbs.noarch                              9:svn58256-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nextpage.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-nfssext-cfr.noarch                           9:svn43640-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nicefilelist.noarch                          9:svn28527.0.7a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-niceframe.noarch                             9:svn36086.1.1c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-niceframe-type1.noarch                       9:svn44671-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nicematrix.noarch                            9:svn59105-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nicetext.noarch                              9:svn38914-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nidanfloat.noarch                            9:svn48295-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nih.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-nihbiosketch.noarch                          9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nimbus15.noarch                              9:svn58839-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nimsticks.noarch                             9:svn55877-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ninecolors.noarch                            9:svn59330-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-njurepo.noarch                               9:svn50492-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nkarta.noarch                                9:svn16437.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nl-interval.noarch                           9:svn58328-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nlctdoc.noarch                               9:svn53768-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nmbib.noarch                                 9:svn37984.1.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-nnext.noarch                                 9:svn56575-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-noconflict.noarch                            9:svn30140.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nodetree.noarch                              9:svn56742-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-noindentafter.noarch                         9:svn35709.0.2.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-noitcrul.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nolbreaks.noarch                             9:svn26786.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nomencl.noarch                               9:svn57263-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nomentbl.noarch                              9:svn16549.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nonfloat.noarch                              9:svn17598.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nonumonpart.noarch                           9:svn22114.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-nopageno.noarch                              9:svn18128.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                            9:svn37675.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-normalcolor.noarch                           9:svn40125-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nostarch.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-notes.noarch                                 9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-notes2bib.noarch                             9:svn52231-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-notespages.noarch                            9:svn41906-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-notestex.noarch                              9:svn45396-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-notex-bst.noarch                             9:svn42361-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-noto.noarch                                  9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-noto-emoji.noarch                            9:svn53968-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-notoccite.noarch                             9:svn18129.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-notomath.noarch                              9:svn58726-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-novel.noarch                                 9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nowidow.noarch                               9:svn24066.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nox.noarch                                   9:svn30991.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nrc.noarch                                   9:svn29027.2.01a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              9:svn56959-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nth.noarch                                   9:svn54252-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ntheorem.noarch                              9:svn27609.1.33-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ntheorem-vn-doc.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.203-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-nuc.noarch                                   9:svn22256.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-nucleardata.noarch                           9:svn47307-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-numberedblock.noarch                         9:svn33109.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-numberpt.noarch                              9:svn51640-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-numerica.noarch                              9:svn57759-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-numericplots.noarch                          9:svn31729.2.0.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-numname.noarch                               9:svn18130.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-numnameru.noarch                             9:svn44895-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-numprint.noarch                              9:svn27498.1.39-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-numspell.noarch                              9:svn56912-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-nwejm.noarch                                 9:svn54392-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-objectz.noarch                               9:svn19389.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-obnov.noarch                                 9:svn33355.0.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ocg-p.noarch                                 9:svn28803.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ocgx.noarch                                  9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ocgx2.noarch                                 9:svn57531-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ocherokee.noarch                             9:svn25689.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ocr-b.noarch                                 9:svn20852.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ocr-b-outline.noarch                         9:svn20969.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ocr-latex.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-octave.noarch                                9:svn45674-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-octavo.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-odsfile.noarch                               9:svn38449-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ofs.noarch                                   9:svn16991.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ogham.noarch                                 9:svn24876.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-oinuit.noarch                                9:svn28668.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-old-arrows.noarch                            9:svn42872-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-oldlatin.noarch                              9:svn17932.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-oldstandard.noarch                           9:svn57213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-oldstyle.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-olsak-misc.noarch                            9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-omega.noarch                                 9:svn33046.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-omegaware.x86_64                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-onedown.noarch                               9:svn59010-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-onlyamsmath.noarch                           9:svn42927-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-onrannual.noarch                             9:svn17474.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-opcit.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-opensans.noarch                              9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-oplotsymbl.noarch                            9:svn44951-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-opteng.noarch                                9:svn27331.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-optex.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-optidef.noarch                               9:svn50941-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-optional.noarch                              9:svn18131.2.2b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-options.noarch                               9:svn39030-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-orcidlink.noarch                             9:svn58432-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ordinalpt.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-orientation.noarch                           9:svn57390-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-orkhun.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-oscola.noarch                                9:svn54328-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-oswald.noarch                                9:svn57253-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ot-tableau.noarch                            9:svn44889-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-othello.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-othelloboard.noarch                          9:svn23714.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-otibet.noarch                                9:svn45777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-oubraces.noarch                              9:svn21833.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-outerhbox.noarch                             9:svn54254-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-outline.noarch                               9:svn18360.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-outliner.noarch                              9:svn21095.0.94-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-outlines.noarch                              9:svn25192.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-outlining.noarch                             9:svn45601-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-overlays.noarch                              9:svn57866-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-overlock.noarch                              9:svn56079-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-overpic.noarch                               9:svn53889-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pacioli.noarch                               9:svn24947.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-padauk.noarch                                9:svn42617-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-padcount.noarch                              9:svn47621-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pagecolor.noarch                             9:svn44487-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pagecont.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pagenote.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pagerange.noarch                             9:svn16915.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pagesel.noarch                               9:svn56105-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pageslts.noarch                              9:svn39164-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-palatino.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-paper.noarch                                 9:svn34521.1.0l-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-papercdcase.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-papermas.noarch                              9:svn23667.1.0h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-papertex.noarch                              9:svn19230.1.2b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-paracol.noarch                               9:svn49560-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-parades.noarch                               9:svn40042-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-paralist.noarch                              9:svn43021-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-parallel.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-paratype.noarch                              9:svn32859.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-paresse.noarch                               9:svn56621-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-parnotes.noarch                              9:svn51720-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-parrun.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-parsa.noarch                                 9:svn54840-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-parselines.noarch                            9:svn21475.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-parskip.noarch                               9:svn58358-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pas-cours.noarch                             9:svn55859-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pas-crosswords.noarch                        9:svn32313.1.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pas-cv.noarch                                9:svn32263.2.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pas-tableur.noarch                           9:svn39542-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-passivetex.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-patchcmd.noarch                              9:svn41379-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-patgen.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-patgen2-tutorial-doc.noarch                  9:svn16490.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-path.noarch                                  9:svn22045.3.05-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pauldoc.noarch                               9:svn16005.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pawpict.noarch                               9:svn21629.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pax.noarch                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pb-diagram.noarch                            9:svn15878.5.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pbalance.noarch                              9:svn59331-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pbibtex-base.noarch                          9:svn40986-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pbox.noarch                                  9:svn24807.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pbsheet.noarch                               9:svn24830.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pdf-trans.noarch                             9:svn32809.2.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pdf14.noarch                                 9:svn17583.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pdfarticle.noarch                            9:svn51127-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfbook2.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              9:svn52912-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfcomment.noarch                            9:svn49047-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfcprot.noarch                              9:svn18735.1.7a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pdfcrop.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             9:svn53082-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfjam.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdflatexpicscale.noarch                      9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                             9:svn53047-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfmanagement-testphase.noarch               9:svn59194-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfmarginpar.noarch                          9:svn23492.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pdfoverlay.noarch                            9:svn57923-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfpagediff.noarch                           9:svn37946.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              9:svn58212-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfpc.noarch                                 9:svn57735-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfpc-movie.noarch                           9:svn48245-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfprivacy.noarch                            9:svn45985-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfreview.noarch                             9:svn50100-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfscreen.noarch                             9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfslide.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pdfsync.noarch                               9:svn20373.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdftex-quiet.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            9:svn55777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdftosrc.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pdftricks.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.16-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pdftricks2.noarch                            9:svn31016.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pdfwin.noarch                                9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfx.noarch                                  9:svn50338-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pdfxup.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pecha.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pedigree-perl.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-penrose.noarch                               9:svn57508-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-perception.noarch                            9:svn48861-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-perfectcut.noarch                            9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-perltex.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-permute.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-persian-bib.noarch                           9:svn37297.0.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-petiteannonce.noarch                         9:svn25915.1.0001-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-petri-nets.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pfarrei.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   9:svn57240-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-blur.noarch                              9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-cmykshadings.noarch                      9:svn52635-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-pie.noarch                               9:svn59075-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-soroban.noarch                           9:svn32269.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-spectra.noarch                           9:svn58467-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-umlcd.noarch                             9:svn55342-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgf-umlsd.noarch                             9:svn55342-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgfgantt.noarch                              9:svn52662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgfkeyx.noarch                               9:svn26093.0.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-pgfmolbio.noarch                             9:svn35152.0.21-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pgfmorepages.noarch                          9:svn54770-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgfopts.noarch                               9:svn56615-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgfornament.noarch                           9:svn55326-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgfornament-han.noarch                       9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pgfplots.noarch                              9:svn59132-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phaistos.noarch                              9:svn18651.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-phffullpagefigure.noarch                     9:svn41857-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phfnote.noarch                               9:svn41858-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phfparen.noarch                              9:svn41859-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phfqit.noarch                                9:svn45084-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phfquotetext.noarch                          9:svn41869-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phfsvnwatermark.noarch                       9:svn41870-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phfthm.noarch                                9:svn41871-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-philex.noarch                                9:svn36396.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-philokalia.noarch                            9:svn45356-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-philosophersimprint.noarch                   9:svn56954-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phonenumbers.noarch                          9:svn51933-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phonetic.noarch                              9:svn56468-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-phonrule.noarch                              9:svn43963-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-photo.noarch                                 9:svn18739.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-physconst.noarch                             9:svn58727-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-physics.noarch                               9:svn28590.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-physunits.noarch                             9:svn58728-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-piano.noarch                                 9:svn21574.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-picinpar.noarch                              9:svn57349-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pict2e.noarch                                9:svn56504-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pictex.noarch                                9:svn21943.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pictex2.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pictexsum-doc.noarch                         9:svn24965.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-picture.noarch                               9:svn54867-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-piechartmp.noarch                            9:svn19440.0.3.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-piff.noarch                                  9:svn21894.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pigpen.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pinlabel.noarch                              9:svn24769.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pinoutikz.noarch                             9:svn55966-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pitex.noarch                                 9:svn24731.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pittetd.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.618-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-pixelart.noarch                              9:svn57508-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pkfix.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pkfix-helper.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pkgloader.noarch                             9:svn47486-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pkuthss.noarch                               9:svn58729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pl.noarch                                    9:svn58661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-placeat.noarch                               9:svn45145-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-placeins.noarch                              9:svn19848.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-placeins-plain.noarch                        9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-plain.noarch                                 9:svn57963-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-plain-doc-doc.noarch                         9:svn28424.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-plainpkg.noarch                              9:svn27765.0.4a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-plainyr.noarch                               9:svn52783-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plantslabels.noarch                          9:svn29803.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-plantuml.noarch                              9:svn55214-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plari.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-plates.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-platex.noarch                                9:svn58842-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-platex-tools.noarch                          9:svn57729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-platexcheat-doc.noarch                       9:svn49557-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plautopatch.noarch                           9:svn57731-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-play.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-playfair.noarch                              9:svn56005-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plex.noarch                                  9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plex-otf.noarch                              9:svn47562-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plimsoll.noarch                              9:svn56605-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-plipsum.noarch                               9:svn30353.4.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-plnfss.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-plstmary.noarch                              9:svn31088.0.5c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-plweb.noarch                                 9:svn15878.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pm-isomath.noarch                            9:svn59077-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pmboxdraw.noarch                             9:svn53046-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pmgraph.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pmhanguljamo.noarch                          9:svn54378-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pmx.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pmxchords.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pnas2009.noarch                              9:svn16287.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-poemscol.noarch                              9:svn56082-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-poetry.noarch                                9:svn53129-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-poetrytex.noarch                             9:svn39921-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-poiretone.noarch                             9:svn59125-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-polexpr.noarch                               9:svn59088-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-polski.noarch                                9:svn44213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-poltawski.noarch                             9:svn20075.1.101-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           9:svn58869-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-polynom.noarch                               9:svn44832-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-polynomial.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-polytable.noarch                             9:svn55837-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-poormanlog.noarch                            9:svn58966-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-postage.noarch                               9:svn55920-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-postcards.noarch                             9:svn21641.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-poster-mac.noarch                            9:svn18305.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-powerdot.noarch                              9:svn58730-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-powerdot-fuberlin.noarch                     9:svn52922-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-powerdot-tuliplab.noarch                     9:svn47963-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ppr-prv.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.13c-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-pracjourn.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.4n-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-practicalreports.noarch                      9:svn52312-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-prelim2e.noarch                              9:svn57000-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-preprint.noarch                              9:svn30447.2011-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-prerex.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-present.noarch                               9:svn50048-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pressrelease.noarch                          9:svn35147.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-prettyref.noarch                             9:svn15878.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-prftree.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-principia.noarch                             9:svn58927-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-printlen.noarch                              9:svn19847.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-proba.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-probsoln.noarch                              9:svn44783-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-procIAGssymp.noarch                          9:svn51771-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-prodint.noarch                               9:svn21893.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-productbox.noarch                            9:svn20886.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-profcollege.noarch                           9:svn59217-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-program.noarch                               9:svn44214-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-progress.noarch                              9:svn19519.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-progressbar.noarch                           9:svn33822.v1.0b_4-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-projlib.noarch                               9:svn59347-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-proof-at-the-end.noarch                      9:svn51194-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-proofread.noarch                             9:svn50938-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-prooftrees.noarch                            9:svn52221-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-properties.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-proposal.noarch                              9:svn40538-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-prosper.noarch                               9:svn33033.1.0h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-protex.noarch                                9:svn41633-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-protocol.noarch                              9:svn25562.1.13-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-prtec.noarch                                 9:svn51919-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-przechlewski-book.noarch                     9:svn23552.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ps2eps.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ps2pk.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-psbao.noarch                                 9:svn55013-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pseudo.noarch                                9:svn52582-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pseudocode.noarch                            9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                9:svn15878.3.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-psfrag-italian-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-psfragx.noarch                               9:svn26243.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-psgo.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0.17-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-psizzl.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.35-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               9:svn57434-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                9:svn54694-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pst-2dplot.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                9:svn17257.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-3dplot.noarch                            9:svn56758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-abspos.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-am.noarch                                9:svn19591.1.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-antiprism.noarch                         9:svn46643-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                             9:svn41980-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-asr.noarch                               9:svn22138.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-bar.noarch                               9:svn18734.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-barcode.noarch                           9:svn45096-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-bezier.noarch                            9:svn41981-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-bspline.noarch                           9:svn40685-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-calculate.noarch                         9:svn49817-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-calendar.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.47-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-cie.noarch                               9:svn49422-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-circ.noarch                              9:svn59017-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              9:svn37377.1.07-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-contourplot.noarch                       9:svn48230-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-cox.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.98_Beta-57.fc36         @updates                                    
texlive-pst-dart.noarch                              9:svn46579-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-dbicons.noarch                           9:svn17556.0.16-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-diffraction.noarch                       9:svn15878.2.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-electricfield.noarch                     9:svn29803.0.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-eucl.noarch                              9:svn56474-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg-doc.noarch           9:svn19296.1.3.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-pst-exa.noarch                               9:svn45289-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-feyn.noarch                              9:svn48781-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-fit.noarch                               9:svn45109-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-fr3d.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-fractal.noarch                           9:svn54376-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-fun.noarch                               9:svn17909.0.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-func.noarch                              9:svn58786-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-gantt.noarch                             9:svn35832.0.22a-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-pst-geo.noarch                               9:svn46273-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-geometrictools.noarch                    9:svn45319-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-ghsb.noarch                              9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-gr3d.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.34-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.06-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-graphicx.noarch                          9:svn21717.0.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-infixplot.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-intersect.noarch                         9:svn33210.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-jtree.noarch                             9:svn20946.2.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-knot.noarch                              9:svn16033.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-labo.noarch                              9:svn39077-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-layout.noarch                            9:svn29803.95-57.fc36                @updates                                    
texlive-pst-lens.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-light3d.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.12-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-lsystem.noarch                           9:svn49556-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-magneticfield.noarch                     9:svn49780-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-marble.noarch                            9:svn50925-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              9:svn49425-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-mirror.noarch                            9:svn32997.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-moire.noarch                             9:svn49223-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              9:svn54687-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-ob3d.noarch                              9:svn54514-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-ode.noarch                               9:svn58293-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-optexp.noarch                            9:svn57977-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-optic.noarch                             9:svn41999-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-osci.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.82-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               9:svn54963-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-pad.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.3b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pst-pdgr.noarch                              9:svn45875-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-perspective.noarch                       9:svn39585-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-platon.noarch                            9:svn16538.0.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-poker.noarch                             9:svn53482-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-poly.noarch                              9:svn35062.1.63-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-pulley.noarch                            9:svn45316-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-qtree.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pst-rputover.noarch                          9:svn44724-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-rubans.noarch                            9:svn23464.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-shell.noarch                             9:svn56070-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-sigsys.noarch                            9:svn21667.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                              9:svn24391.1.31-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-solarsystem.noarch                       9:svn45097-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-solides3d.noarch                         9:svn49520-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-soroban.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-spectra.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.91-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-spinner.noarch                           9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-stru.noarch                              9:svn38613-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-support-doc.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              9:svn49542-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-thick.noarch                             9:svn16369.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             9:svn54518-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              9:svn43272-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-turtle.noarch                            9:svn52261-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-tvz.noarch                               9:svn23451.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-uml.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.83-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pst-vectorian.noarch                         9:svn28801.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst-vehicle.noarch                           9:svn45320-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-venn.noarch                              9:svn49316-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pst-vowel.noarch                             9:svn25228.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pst2pdf.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-pstool.noarch                                9:svn46393-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              9:svn58371-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          9:svn53763-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pstricks_calcnotes-doc.noarch                9:svn34363.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pstring.noarch                               9:svn42857-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-psutils.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ptex.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ptex-base.noarch                             9:svn56487-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ptex-fontmaps.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ptex-fonts.noarch                            9:svn46940-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ptex-manual.noarch                           9:svn57128-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ptex2pdf.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ptext.noarch                                 9:svn30171.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ptolemaicastronomy.noarch                    9:svn50810-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ptptex.noarch                                9:svn19440.0.91-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-punk.noarch                                  9:svn27388.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-punk-latex.noarch                            9:svn27389.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-punknova.noarch                              9:svn24649.1.003-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-purifyeps.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-puyotikz.noarch                              9:svn57254-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pwebmac.noarch                               9:svn58478-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxbase.noarch                                9:svn44756-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxchfon.noarch                               9:svn56537-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxcjkcat.noarch                              9:svn47266-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-pxgreeks.noarch                              9:svn21838.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pxjahyper.noarch                             9:svn59165-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxjodel.noarch                               9:svn55006-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxpgfmark.noarch                             9:svn30212.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-pxpic.noarch                                 9:svn57445-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxrubrica.noarch                             9:svn58168-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxtatescale.noarch                           9:svn43009-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxtxalfa.noarch                              9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pxufont.noarch                               9:svn53733-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pygmentex.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-python.noarch                                9:svn27064.0.21-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-pythonhighlight.noarch                       9:svn43191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-pythontex.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-qcircuit.noarch                              9:svn48400-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-qcm.noarch                                   9:svn15878.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-qobitree.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-qpxqtx.noarch                                9:svn45797-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-qrcode.noarch                                9:svn36065.1.51-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-qsharp.noarch                                9:svn49722-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-qstest.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-qsymbols.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-qtree.noarch                                 9:svn15878.3.1b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-qualitype.noarch                             9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quantikz.noarch                              9:svn54911-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quantumarticle.noarch                        9:svn56862-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quattrocento.noarch                          9:svn56020-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quicktype.noarch                             9:svn42183-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quiz2socrative.noarch                        9:svn52276-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quotchap.noarch                              9:svn56926-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quoting.noarch                               9:svn32818.v0.1c-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-quotmark.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-quran.noarch                                 9:svn57601-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quran-bn.noarch                              9:svn57602-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quran-de.noarch                              9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-quran-ur.noarch                              9:svn57597-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-qyxf-book.noarch                             9:svn56319-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-r_und_s.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.3i-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              9:svn57638-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-raleway.noarch                               9:svn42629-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ran_toks.noarch                              9:svn57520-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-randbild.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-random.noarch                                9:svn54723-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-randomlist.noarch                            9:svn45281-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-randomwalk.noarch                            9:svn49513-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-randtext.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-rank-2-roots.noarch                          9:svn48515-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rccol.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.2c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-rcs-multi.noarch                             9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rcsinfo.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-readablecv.noarch                            9:svn57433-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-readarray.noarch                             9:svn42467-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-realboxes.noarch                             9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-realhats.noarch                              9:svn52865-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-realtranspose.noarch                         9:svn56623-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rec-thy.noarch                               9:svn58732-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-recipe.noarch                                9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-recipebook.noarch                            9:svn37026.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-recipecard.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-rectopma.noarch                              9:svn19980.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-recycle.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-refcheck.noarch                              9:svn29128.1.9.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-refcount.noarch                              9:svn53164-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-refenums.noarch                              9:svn44131-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-reflectgraphics.noarch                       9:svn40612-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-refman.noarch                                9:svn15878.2.0e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-refstyle.noarch                              9:svn20318.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-regcount.noarch                              9:svn19979.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-regexpatch.noarch                            9:svn58668-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-register.noarch                              9:svn54485-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-regstats.noarch                              9:svn25050.1.0h-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-reledmac.noarch                              9:svn58763-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-relenc.noarch                                9:svn22050.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-relsize.noarch                               9:svn30707.4.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-reotex.noarch                                9:svn34924.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-repeatindex.noarch                           9:svn24305.0.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-repere.noarch                                9:svn51363-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-repltext.noarch                              9:svn56433-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        9:svn54841-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-resphilosophica.noarch                       9:svn50935-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rest-api.noarch                              9:svn57068-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-resumecls.noarch                             9:svn54815-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-resumemac.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-returntogrid.noarch                          9:svn48485-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-reverxii-doc.noarch                          9:svn24976.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-revquantum.noarch                            9:svn43505-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-revtex.noarch                                9:svn56591-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-revtex4.noarch                               9:svn56589-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-revtex4-1.noarch                             9:svn56590-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rgltxdoc.noarch                              9:svn53858-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ribbonproofs.noarch                          9:svn31137.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-rjlparshap.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-rlepsf.noarch                                9:svn19082.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-rmathbr.noarch                               9:svn57173-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rmpage.noarch                                9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-roboto.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-robustcommand.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-robustindex.noarch                           9:svn49877-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-roex.noarch                                  9:svn45818-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rojud.noarch                                 9:svn56895-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-romanbar.noarch                              9:svn25005.1.0f-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-romanbarpagenumber.noarch                    9:svn36236.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-romande.noarch                               9:svn19537.1.008_v7_sc-57.fc36       @updates                                    
texlive-romanneg.noarch                              9:svn20087.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-romannum.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-rosario.noarch                               9:svn51688-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rotfloat.noarch                              9:svn18292.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-rotpages.noarch                              9:svn18740.3.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-roundbox.noarch                              9:svn29675.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-roundrect.noarch                             9:svn39796-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rrgtrees.noarch                              9:svn27322.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-rsc.noarch                                   9:svn41923-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-rsfso.noarch                                 9:svn37965.1.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-rterface.noarch                              9:svn30084.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-rtkinenc.noarch                              9:svn20003.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-rtklage.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-rubik.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ruhyphen.noarch                              9:svn21081.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ruler.noarch                                 9:svn54251-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rulerbox.noarch                              9:svn50984-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rulercompass.noarch                          9:svn32392.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-runcode.noarch                               9:svn58908-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-russ.noarch                                  9:svn25209-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rutitlepage.noarch                           9:svn51073-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-rviewport.noarch                             9:svn23739.v1.0-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-rvwrite.noarch                               9:svn19614.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ryersonsgsthesis.noarch                      9:svn50119-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ryethesis.noarch                             9:svn33945.1.36-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sa-tikz.noarch                               9:svn32815.0.7a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sageep.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sanitize-umlaut.noarch                       9:svn53292-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sankey.noarch                                9:svn58661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sanskrit.noarch                              9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sanskrit-t1.noarch                           9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              9:svn17997.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                        9:svn53628-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sansmathfonts.noarch                         9:svn51356-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sapthesis.noarch                             9:svn48365-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sasnrdisplay.noarch                          9:svn45963-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-sauter.noarch                                9:svn13293.2.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sauterfonts.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-savefnmark.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-savesym.noarch                               9:svn31565.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-savetrees.noarch                             9:svn40525-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scale.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.1.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-scalebar.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-scalerel.noarch                              9:svn42809-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scanpages.noarch                             9:svn42633-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schedule.noarch                              9:svn51805-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schemabloc.noarch                            9:svn58212-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schemata.noarch                              9:svn58020-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          9:svn54191-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scheme-full.noarch                           9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scheme-medium.noarch                         9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scholax.noarch                               9:svn58733-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schooldocs.noarch                            9:svn55838-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schule.noarch                                9:svn56683-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schulmathematik.noarch                       9:svn58359-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-schulschriften.noarch                        9:svn35730.4-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-schwalbe-chess.noarch                        9:svn53305-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scientific-thesis-cover.noarch               9:svn47923-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sciposter.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.18-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sclang-prettifier.noarch                     9:svn35087.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-scontents.noarch                             9:svn53504-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scratch.noarch                               9:svn50073-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scratch3.noarch                              9:svn56258-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scratchx.noarch                              9:svn44906-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-screenplay.noarch                            9:svn27223.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-screenplay-pkg.noarch                        9:svn44965-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scrjrnl.noarch                               9:svn27810.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-scrlayer-fancyhdr.noarch                     9:svn58746-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scrlttr2copy.noarch                          9:svn56733-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-scsnowman.noarch                             9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sdaps.noarch                                 9:svn54678-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sdrt.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sduthesis.noarch                             9:svn41401-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-secdot.noarch                                9:svn20208.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-secnum.noarch                                9:svn53657-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-section.noarch                               9:svn20180.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-sectionbox.noarch                            9:svn37749.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sectionbreak.noarch                          9:svn50339-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sectsty.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.0.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-seealso.noarch                               9:svn43595-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-seetexk.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-selectp.noarch                               9:svn20185.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-selinput.noarch                              9:svn53098-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-selnolig.noarch                              9:svn38721-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-semantex.noarch                              9:svn56863-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-semantic.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-semantic-markup.noarch                       9:svn53607-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-semaphor.noarch                              9:svn18651.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-semesterplanner.noarch                       9:svn56841-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-seminar.noarch                               9:svn34011.1.62-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-semioneside.noarch                           9:svn15878.v0.41-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-semproc.noarch                               9:svn37568.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-semtex.noarch                                9:svn56530-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sepfootnotes.noarch                          9:svn41732-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                9:svn20186.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-seqsplit.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-serbian-apostrophe.noarch                    9:svn23799.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-serbian-date-lat.noarch                      9:svn23446.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-serbian-def-cyr.noarch                       9:svn23734.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-serbian-lig.noarch                           9:svn53127-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sesamanuel.noarch                            9:svn36613.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sesstime.noarch                              9:svn49750-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-setdeck.noarch                               9:svn40613-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-setspace.noarch                              9:svn24881.6.7a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-seuthesis.noarch                             9:svn33042.2.1.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-seuthesix.noarch                             9:svn40088-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sexam.noarch                                 9:svn46628-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sf298.noarch                                 9:svn41653-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sffms.noarch                                 9:svn15878.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sfg.noarch                                   9:svn20209.0.91-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sfmath.noarch                                9:svn15878.0.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sgame.noarch                                 9:svn30959.2.15-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-shade.noarch                                 9:svn22212.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-shadethm.noarch                              9:svn53350-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shadow.noarch                                9:svn20312.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-shadowtext.noarch                            9:svn26522.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-shapepar.noarch                              9:svn30708.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-shapes.noarch                                9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shdoc.noarch                                 9:svn41991-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shipunov.noarch                              9:svn52334-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shobhika.noarch                              9:svn50555-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-short-math-guide.noarch                      9:svn46126-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shortmathj.noarch                            9:svn54407-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shorttoc.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-show2e.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-showcharinbox.noarch                         9:svn29803.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-showdim.noarch                               9:svn28918.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              9:svn57414-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-showhyphens.noarch                           9:svn39787-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-showlabels.noarch                            9:svn41322-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-showtags.noarch                              9:svn20336.1.05-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-shtthesis.noarch                             9:svn57740-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-shuffle.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sidecap.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.6f-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sidenotes.noarch                             9:svn54524-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sides.noarch                                 9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-signchart.noarch                             9:svn39707-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-silence.noarch                               9:svn27028.1.5b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-simple-resume-cv.noarch                      9:svn43057-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simple-thesis-dissertation.noarch            9:svn43058-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simplebnf.noarch                             9:svn56761-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simplecd.noarch                              9:svn29260.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-simplecv.noarch                              9:svn35537.1.6a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-simpleinvoice.noarch                         9:svn45673-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simplekv.noarch                              9:svn54915-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simpleoptics.noarch                          9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simpler-wick.noarch                          9:svn39074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simplewick.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-simplified-latex-doc.noarch                  9:svn20620.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-simplivre.noarch                             9:svn59323-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-simurgh.noarch                               9:svn31719.0.01b-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-sitem.noarch                                 9:svn22136.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-siunitx.noarch                               9:svn58909-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skak.noarch                                  9:svn46259-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skaknew.noarch                               9:svn20031.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-skb.noarch                                   9:svn22781.0.52-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-skdoc.noarch                                 9:svn56950-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skeldoc.noarch                               9:svn57922-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skeycommand.noarch                           9:svn24652.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-skeyval.noarch                               9:svn30560.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-skills.noarch                                9:svn56734-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skmath.noarch                                9:svn52411-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skrapport.noarch                             9:svn52412-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-skull.noarch                                 9:svn51907-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-slantsc.noarch                               9:svn25007.2.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-slideshow.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-smalltableof.noarch                          9:svn20333.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-smartdiagram.noarch                          9:svn42781-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-smartref.noarch                              9:svn20311.1.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-smartunits.noarch                            9:svn39592-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-smflatex.noarch                              9:svn58910-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-snapshot.noarch                              9:svn56735-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-snotez.noarch                                9:svn57147-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-songbook.noarch                              9:svn18136.4.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-songs.noarch                                 9:svn51494-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sort-by-letters.noarch                       9:svn27128.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-soton.noarch                                 9:svn16215.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-soul.noarch                                  9:svn56495-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-soulpos.noarch                               9:svn52663-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-soulutf8.noarch                              9:svn53163-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-soup.noarch                                  9:svn50815-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sourcecodepro.noarch                         9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sourcesanspro.noarch                         9:svn54892-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sourceserifpro.noarch                        9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spacingtricks.noarch                         9:svn56840-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spalign.noarch                               9:svn42225-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spark-otf.noarch                             9:svn51005-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sparklines.noarch                            9:svn42821-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spath3.noarch                                9:svn57842-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spectral.noarch                              9:svn57296-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spectralsequences.noarch                     9:svn50072-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spelling.noarch                              9:svn30715.0.41-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sphack.noarch                                9:svn20842.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-sphdthesis.noarch                            9:svn34374.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-spie.noarch                                  9:svn15878.3.25-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-spix.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-splines.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-splitbib.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.17-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-splitindex.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-spot.noarch                                  9:svn22408.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-spotcolor.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-spreadtab.noarch                             9:svn50147-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-spverbatim.noarch                            9:svn15878.v1.0-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sr-vorl.noarch                               9:svn39529-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-srbook-mem.noarch                            9:svn45818-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-srcltx.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-srcredact.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-srdp-mathematik.noarch                       9:svn58734-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sseq.noarch                                  9:svn31585.2.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-sslides.noarch                               9:svn32293.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-stack.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-stackengine.noarch                           9:svn53843-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stage.noarch                                 9:svn53915-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-standalone.noarch                            9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stanli.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-starfont.noarch                              9:svn19982.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-startex.noarch                               9:svn35718.1.04-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-startlatex2e.noarch                          9:svn56809-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-statex.noarch                                9:svn20306.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-statex2.noarch                               9:svn23961.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-statistics.noarch                            9:svn52212-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-statistik.noarch                             9:svn20334.0.03-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-statmath.noarch                              9:svn46925-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-staves.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-stdclsdv.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-stdpage.noarch                               9:svn15878.0.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-stealcaps.noarch                             9:svn46434-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-steinmetz.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-stellenbosch.noarch                          9:svn36696.11a-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-step.noarch                                  9:svn57307-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stepgreek.noarch                             9:svn57074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stex.noarch                                  9:svn50489-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stickstoo.noarch                             9:svn57193-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stix.noarch                                  9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stix2-otf.noarch                             9:svn58735-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stix2-type1.noarch                           9:svn57448-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                              9:svn22027.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-storebox.noarch                              9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-storecmd.noarch                              9:svn24431.0.0.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-stricttex.noarch                             9:svn56320-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             9:svn52982-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stringstrings.noarch                         9:svn57097-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-structmech.noarch                            9:svn58985-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-struktex.noarch                              9:svn47931-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sttools.noarch                               9:svn56774-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-stubs.noarch                                 9:svn19440.0.1.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-studenthandouts.noarch                       9:svn43516-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sty2dtx.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-suanpan.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-subdepth.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-subdocs.noarch                               9:svn51480-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-subeqn.noarch                                9:svn15878.2.0b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-subeqnarray.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.1c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-subfig.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-subfigmat.noarch                             9:svn20308.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-subfigure.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.1.5-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-subfiles.noarch                              9:svn56977-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-subfloat.noarch                              9:svn29349.2.14-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-substances.noarch                            9:svn40989-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-substitutefont.noarch                        9:svn32066.0.1.4-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-substr.noarch                                9:svn16117.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-subsupscripts.noarch                         9:svn16080.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-subtext.noarch                               9:svn51273-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sudoku.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-sudokubundle.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-suftesi.noarch                               9:svn57650-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-sugconf.noarch                               9:svn58752-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-superiors.noarch                             9:svn51909-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-supertabular.noarch                          9:svn53658-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-suppose.noarch                               9:svn59281-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-susy.noarch                                  9:svn19440.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-svg.noarch                                   9:svn57010-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-svg-inkscape-doc.noarch                      9:svn32199.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-svgcolor.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-svn.noarch                                   9:svn15878.43-57.fc36                @updates                                    
texlive-svn-multi.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                              9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-svninfo.noarch                               9:svn17554.0.7.4-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-svrsymbols.noarch                            9:svn50019-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-swebib.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-swfigure.noarch                              9:svn57213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-swimgraf.noarch                              9:svn25446.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-swrule.noarch                                9:svn54267-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-syllogism.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-symbol.noarch                                9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-sympytexpackage.noarch                       9:svn57090-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-synctex.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-synproof.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-syntax.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-syntaxdi.noarch                              9:svn56685-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-syntrace.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-synttree.noarch                              9:svn16252.1.4.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-systeme.noarch                               9:svn55015-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-t-angles.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-t2.noarch                                    9:svn47870-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tabfigures.noarch                            9:svn25202.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-table-fct.noarch                             9:svn41849-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tableaux.noarch                              9:svn42413-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tablefootnote.noarch                         9:svn32804.1.1c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tableof.noarch                               9:svn48815-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tablestyles.noarch                           9:svn34495.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tablists.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.0e-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tablor.noarch                                9:svn31855.4.07_g-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-tabls.noarch                                 9:svn17255.3.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tablvar.noarch                               9:svn51543-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tabriz-thesis.noarch                         9:svn51729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tabstackengine.noarch                        9:svn46848-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tabto-generic.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tabto-ltx.noarch                             9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tabu.noarch                                  9:svn56615-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tabularborder.noarch                         9:svn17885.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tabularcalc.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tabularew.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tabulary.noarch                              9:svn34368.0.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tabvar.noarch                                9:svn28908.1.7-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tagging.noarch                               9:svn52064-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tagpair.noarch                               9:svn42138-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tagpdf.noarch                                9:svn57954-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-talk.noarch                                  9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tamefloats.noarch                            9:svn27345.v0.42-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-tamethebeast-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tap.noarch                                   9:svn31731.0.77-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tapir.noarch                                 9:svn20484.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tasks.noarch                                 9:svn57835-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tcldoc.noarch                                9:svn22018.2.40-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tcolorbox.noarch                             9:svn56610-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tdclock.noarch                               9:svn33043.v2.5-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tds-doc.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tdsfrmath.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-technics.noarch                              9:svn29349.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-technion-thesis-template.noarch              9:svn49889-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ted.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.06-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-templates-fenn-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-templates-sommer-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-templatetools.noarch                         9:svn34495.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tempora.noarch                               9:svn39596-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tengwarscript.noarch                         9:svn34594.1.3.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-tensind.noarch                               9:svn51481-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tensor.noarch                                9:svn15878.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-termcal.noarch                               9:svn22514.1.8-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-termcal-de.noarch                            9:svn47111-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-termlist.noarch                              9:svn18923.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-termmenu.noarch                              9:svn37700.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-testhyphens.noarch                           9:svn38928-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-testidx.noarch                               9:svn52213-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tetragonos.noarch                            9:svn49732-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-teubner.noarch                               9:svn57684-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-tex-ewd.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet-doc.noarch        9:svn18314.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              9:svn48058-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                         9:svn41264-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         9:svn40533-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-tex-label.noarch                             9:svn16372.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tex-locale.noarch                            9:svn48500-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex-nutshell.noarch                          9:svn58471-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex-overview-doc.noarch                      9:svn41403-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex-ps.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tex-refs-doc.noarch                          9:svn44131-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl-doc.noarch            9:svn34177.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tex4ebook.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texapi.noarch                                9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texbytopic-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-texcount.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texdate.noarch                               9:svn49362-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texdef.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texdiff.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texdirflatten.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texdoc.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texdoctk.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texdraw.noarch                               9:svn51030-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texfot.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texilikechaps.noarch                         9:svn28553.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-texilikecover.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    9:svn54176-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-cz-doc.noarch                        9:svn50778-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-de-doc.noarch                        9:svn54604-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texlive-es-doc.noarch                        9:svn54465-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-fr-doc.noarch                        9:svn54749-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-it-doc.noarch                        9:svn54534-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-ja.noarch                            9:svn58581-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              9:svn59096-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-pl-doc.noarch                        9:svn54425-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-ru-doc.noarch                        9:svn54537-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texlive-sr-doc.noarch                        9:svn54594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive-zh-cn-doc.noarch                     9:svn54490-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texliveonfly.noarch                          9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texloganalyser.noarch                        9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texlogos.noarch                              9:svn19083.1.3.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-texmate.noarch                               9:svn15878.2-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-texments.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-texnegar.noarch                              9:svn57692-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texonly.noarch                               9:svn50985-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texosquery.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texplate.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texpower.noarch                              9:svn29349.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-texproposal-doc.noarch                       9:svn43151-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texshade.noarch                              9:svn58789-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texsis.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-textcase.noarch                              9:svn52092-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-textfit.noarch                               9:svn20591.5-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-textglos.noarch                              9:svn30788.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-textgreek.noarch                             9:svn44192-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-textmerg.noarch                              9:svn20677.2.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-textopo.noarch                               9:svn23796.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-textpath.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-textpos.noarch                               9:svn56441-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-textualicomma.noarch                         9:svn48474-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texvc.noarch                                 9:svn46844-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-texware.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-texworks-doc.noarch                          9:svn54074-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tfrupee.noarch                               9:svn20770.1.02-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-thaienum.noarch                              9:svn44140-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thaispec.noarch                              9:svn58019-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thalie.noarch                                9:svn51789-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-theanodidot.noarch                           9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-theanomodern.noarch                          9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-theanooldstyle.noarch                        9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-theatre.noarch                               9:svn45363-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-theoremref.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thesis-ekf.noarch                            9:svn57207-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thesis-gwu.noarch                            9:svn54287-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thesis-qom.noarch                            9:svn49124-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac.noarch                 9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-thinsp.noarch                                9:svn39669-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thmbox.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-thmtools.noarch                              9:svn56070-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-threadcol.noarch                             9:svn28754.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-threeddice.noarch                            9:svn20675.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                        9:svn17383.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-threeparttablex.noarch                       9:svn34206.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-thuaslogos.noarch                            9:svn51347-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thucoursework.noarch                         9:svn56435-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-thumb.noarch                                 9:svn16549.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-thumbs.noarch                                9:svn33134.1.0q-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-thumby.noarch                                9:svn16736.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-thuthesis.noarch                             9:svn58750-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ticket.noarch                                9:svn42280-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ticollege.noarch                             9:svn36306.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tie.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-tikz-3dplot.noarch                           9:svn25087.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-among-us.noarch                         9:svn56820-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-bayesnet.noarch                         9:svn38295.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-bbox.noarch                             9:svn57444-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-cd.noarch                               9:svn59133-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-dependency.noarch                       9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-dimline.noarch                          9:svn35805.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-feynhand.noarch                         9:svn51915-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-feynman.noarch                          9:svn56615-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-imagelabels.noarch                      9:svn51490-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-inet.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-kalender.noarch                         9:svn52890-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-karnaugh.noarch                         9:svn47026-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-ladder.noarch                           9:svn46555-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-lake-fig.noarch                         9:svn55288-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-layers.noarch                           9:svn46660-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-nef.noarch                              9:svn55920-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-network.noarch                          9:svn51884-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-opm.noarch                              9:svn32769.0.1.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-optics.noarch                           9:svn43466-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-page.noarch                             9:svn42039-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-palattice.noarch                        9:svn43442-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-planets.noarch                          9:svn55002-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-qtree.noarch                            9:svn26108.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-relay.noarch                            9:svn51355-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-sfc.noarch                              9:svn49424-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-timing.noarch                           9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-trackschematic.noarch                   9:svn57300-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikz-truchet.noarch                          9:svn50020-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzcodeblocks.noarch                        9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzducks.noarch                             9:svn55713-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzinclude.noarch                           9:svn28715.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikzlings.noarch                             9:svn58885-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzmark.noarch                              9:svn57843-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzmarmots.noarch                           9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzorbital.noarch                           9:svn36439.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tikzpackets.noarch                           9:svn55827-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzpagenodes.noarch                         9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzpeople.noarch                            9:svn43978-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikzpfeile.noarch                            9:svn25777.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikzposter.noarch                            9:svn32732.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tikzscale.noarch                             9:svn30637.0.2.6-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-tikzsymbols.noarch                           9:svn49975-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tikztosvg.x86_64                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-timbreicmc.noarch                            9:svn49740-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-times.noarch                                 9:svn35058.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-timetable.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-timing-diagrams.noarch                       9:svn31491.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tinos.noarch                                 9:svn42882-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  9:svn29349.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tipa-de-doc.noarch                           9:svn22005.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tipauni.noarch                               9:svn59009-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tipfr-doc.noarch                             9:svn38646-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-titlecaps.noarch                             9:svn36170.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-titlefoot.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-titlepages-doc.noarch                        9:svn19457.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-titlepic.noarch                              9:svn43497-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-titleref.noarch                              9:svn18729.3.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              9:svn52413-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-titling.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.1d-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-base.noarch                              9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-berge.noarch                             9:svn57485-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-doc.noarch                               9:svn55265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-euclide.noarch                           9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-fct.noarch                               9:svn55031-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-graph.noarch                             9:svn57484-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-orm.noarch                               9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tkz-tab.noarch                               9:svn54940-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tlc-article.noarch                           9:svn51431-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tlc2-doc.noarch                              9:svn26096.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-tlmgrbasics.noarch                           9:svn59305-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tocbibind.noarch                             9:svn20085.1.5k-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tocdata.noarch                               9:svn55852-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tocloft.noarch                               9:svn53364-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tocvsec2.noarch                              9:svn33146.1.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-todo.noarch                                  9:svn17746.2.142-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-todonotes.noarch                             9:svn58998-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tokcycle.noarch                              9:svn58254-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tokenizer.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-toolbox.noarch                               9:svn32260.5.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tools.noarch                                 9:svn56514-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-topfloat.noarch                              9:svn19084.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-topiclongtable.noarch                        9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-topletter.noarch                             9:svn48182-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-toptesi.noarch                               9:svn56276-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-totalcount.noarch                            9:svn56214-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-totcount.noarch                              9:svn21178.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-totpages.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tpic2pdftex.noarch                           9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-tpslifonts.noarch                            9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tqft.noarch                                  9:svn44455-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tracklang.noarch                             9:svn55707-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-trajan.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tram.noarch                                  9:svn29803.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-translation-array-fr-doc.noarch              9:svn24344.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-arsclassica-de-doc.noarch        9:svn23803.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-biblatex-de-doc.noarch           9:svn45592-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-translation-chemsym-de-doc.noarch            9:svn23804.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr-doc.noarch            9:svn24345.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-ecv-de-doc.noarch                9:svn24754.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-enumitem-de-doc.noarch           9:svn24196.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-europecv-de-doc.noarch           9:svn23840.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-filecontents-de-doc.noarch       9:svn24010.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-moreverb-de-doc.noarch           9:svn23957.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-natbib-fr-doc.noarch             9:svn25105.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translation-tabbing-fr-doc.noarch            9:svn24228.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-translations.noarch                          9:svn57461-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-translator.noarch                            9:svn56052-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-transparent.noarch                           9:svn52981-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tree-dvips.noarch                            9:svn21751.91-57.fc36                @updates                                    
texlive-treetex.noarch                               9:svn28176.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-trfsigns.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-trigonometry.noarch                          9:svn43006-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-trivfloat.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-trsym.noarch                                 9:svn18732.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-truncate.noarch                              9:svn18921.3.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tsemlines.noarch                             9:svn23440.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ttfutils.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-tucv.noarch                                  9:svn20680.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-tuda-ci.noarch                               9:svn58661-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tudscr.noarch                                9:svn58713-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tufte-latex.noarch                           9:svn37649.3.5.2-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-tugboat.noarch                               9:svn56942-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tugboat-plain.noarch                         9:svn51373-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-tui.noarch                                   9:svn27253.1.9-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-turabian.noarch                              9:svn36298.0.1.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-turabian-formatting.noarch                   9:svn58561-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-turkmen.noarch                               9:svn17748.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-turnstile.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-turnthepage.noarch                           9:svn29803.1.3a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-twemoji-colr.noarch                          9:svn55675-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-twoinone.noarch                              9:svn17024.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-twoup.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-txfonts.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-txfontsb.noarch                              9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-txgreeks.noarch                              9:svn21839.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-txuprcal.noarch                              9:svn43327-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-type1cm.noarch                               9:svn21820.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-typed-checklist.noarch                       9:svn49731-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-typeface.noarch                              9:svn27046.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              9:svn17134.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-typeoutfileinfo.noarch                       9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-typewriter.noarch                            9:svn46641-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-typicons.noarch                              9:svn37623.2.0.7-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-typoaid.noarch                               9:svn44238-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-typogrid.noarch                              9:svn24994.0.21-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-tzplot.noarch                                9:svn58558-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uaclasses.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-uafthesis.noarch                             9:svn57349-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uantwerpendocs.noarch                        9:svn58669-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uassign.noarch                               9:svn38459-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucalgmthesis.noarch                          9:svn52527-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucbthesis.noarch                             9:svn51690-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucdavisthesis.noarch                         9:svn40772-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                              9:svn38907-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                          9:svn58029-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   9:svn35853.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ucsmonograph.noarch                          9:svn52698-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ucthesis.noarch                              9:svn15878.3.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-udesoftec.noarch                             9:svn57866-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uebungsblatt.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.5.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-uestcthesis.noarch                           9:svn36371.1.1.0-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-uhc.noarch                                   9:svn16791.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-uhhassignment.noarch                         9:svn44026-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uhrzeit.noarch                               9:svn39570-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uiucredborder.noarch                         9:svn29974.1.00-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-uiucthesis.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.25-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ukrhyph.noarch                               9:svn21081.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-ulem.noarch                                  9:svn53365-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ulqda.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-ulthese.noarch                               9:svn52972-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-umbclegislation.noarch                       9:svn41348-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-umich-thesis.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.20-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-uml.noarch                                   9:svn17476.0.11-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-umlaute.noarch                               9:svn15878.v2.1-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-umoline.noarch                               9:svn19085.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-umthesis.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-umtypewriter.noarch                          9:svn18651.001.002-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-unam-thesis.noarch                           9:svn51207-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unamth-template-doc.noarch                   9:svn33625.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-unamthesis.noarch                            9:svn43639-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-undergradmath-doc.noarch                     9:svn42926-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-underlin.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-underoverlap.noarch                          9:svn29019.0.0.1_r1-57.fc36          @updates                                    
texlive-underscore.noarch                            9:svn18261.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-undolabl.noarch                              9:svn36681.1.0l-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-unfonts-core.noarch                          9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unfonts-extra.noarch                         9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uni-wtal-ger.noarch                          9:svn31541.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-uni-wtal-lin.noarch                          9:svn31409.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-unicode-alphabets.noarch                     9:svn54236-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unicode-bidi.noarch                          9:svn42482-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          9:svn56768-55.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unifith.noarch                               9:svn51968-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uninormalize.noarch                          9:svn57257-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         9:svn53162-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unisugar.noarch                              9:svn22357.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-unitconv.noarch                              9:svn55060-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unitipa.noarch                               9:svn58749-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unitn-bimrep.noarch                          9:svn45581-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-units.noarch                                 9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unitsdef.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-universa.noarch                              9:svn51984-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-universalis.noarch                           9:svn33860.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-univie-ling.noarch                           9:svn56913-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unizgklasa.noarch                            9:svn51647-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unravel.noarch                               9:svn52822-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-unswcover.noarch                             9:svn29476.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-uothesis.noarch                              9:svn25355.2.5.6-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-uowthesis.noarch                             9:svn19700.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-uowthesistitlepage.noarch                    9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-upca.noarch                                  9:svn22511.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-uplatex.noarch                               9:svn58842-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-upmethodology.noarch                         9:svn54758-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uppunctlm.noarch                             9:svn42334-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-upquote.noarch                               9:svn26059.v1.3-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-uptex.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-uptex-base.noarch                            9:svn56832-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uptex-fonts.noarch                           9:svn54045-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-upzhkinsoku.noarch                           9:svn47354-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-urcls.noarch                                 9:svn49903-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uri.noarch                                   9:svn48602-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-url.noarch                                   9:svn32528.3.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-urlbst.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-urwchancal.noarch                            9:svn21701.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-usebib.noarch                                9:svn25969.1.0a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-ushort.noarch                                9:svn32261.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-uspace.noarch                                9:svn42456-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-uspatent.noarch                              9:svn27744.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-ut-thesis.noarch                             9:svn59078-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-utexasthesis.noarch                          9:svn48648-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-utf8add.noarch                               9:svn55291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-utf8mex.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-utfsym.noarch                                9:svn56729-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-utopia.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-uwthesis.noarch                              9:svn15878.6.13-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-vak.noarch                                   9:svn23431.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-vancouver.noarch                             9:svn55423-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-variablelm.noarch                            9:svn46611-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-variations.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-varindex.noarch                              9:svn32262.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-varisize.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-varsfromjobname.noarch                       9:svn44154-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              9:svn24104.0.92-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-vaucanson-g.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-vdmlisting.noarch                            9:svn56905-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-velthuis.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-venn.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-venndiagram.noarch                           9:svn47952-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-venturisadf.noarch                           9:svn19444.1.005-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-verbasef.noarch                              9:svn21922.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-verbatimbox.noarch                           9:svn33197.3.13-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-verbatimcopy.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.06-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-verbdef.noarch                               9:svn17177.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-verbments.noarch                             9:svn23670.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-verifica.noarch                              9:svn56625-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-verifiche.noarch                             9:svn57766-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-verse.noarch                                 9:svn34017.2.4b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-version.noarch                               9:svn21920.2.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-versions.noarch                              9:svn21921.0.55-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-versonotes.noarch                            9:svn55777-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-vertbars.noarch                              9:svn49429-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-vgrid.noarch                                 9:svn32457.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-vhistory.noarch                              9:svn30080.1.6.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-visualfaq-doc.noarch                         9:svn38647-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-visualpstricks-doc.noarch                    9:svn39799-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-visualtikz-doc.noarch                        9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-vlna.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-vmargin.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-vntex.noarch                                 9:svn30579.3.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-vocaltract.noarch                            9:svn25629.1-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-volumes.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-voss-mathcol-doc.noarch                      9:svn32954.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-vpe.noarch                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-vruler.noarch                                9:svn21598.2.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-vtable.noarch                                9:svn51126-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-vwcol.noarch                                 9:svn36254.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-wadalab.noarch                               9:svn42428-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-wallcalendar.noarch                          9:svn45568-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-wallpaper.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.10-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-warning.noarch                               9:svn22028.0.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-warpcol.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0c-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-was.noarch                                   9:svn21439.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-wasy.noarch                                  9:svn53533-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                            9:svn53534-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-wasysym.noarch                               9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-web.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-webguide-doc.noarch                          9:svn25813.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-webquiz.noarch                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-widetable.noarch                             9:svn53409-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-widows-and-orphans.noarch                    9:svn58172-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-williams.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-willowtreebook.noarch                        9:svn54866-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-windycity.noarch                             9:svn59067-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-withargs.noarch                              9:svn52641-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-witharrows.noarch                            9:svn58120-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-wnri.noarch                                  9:svn22459.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-wnri-latex.noarch                            9:svn22338.1.0b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-wordcount.noarch                             9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-wordlike.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2b-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-worksheet.noarch                             9:svn48423-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-worldflags.noarch                            9:svn59171-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                               9:svn22048.3.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-wsemclassic.noarch                           9:svn31532.1.0.1-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-wsuipa.noarch                                9:svn25469.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-wtref.noarch                                 9:svn55558-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xargs.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xassoccnt.noarch                             9:svn55876-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xbmks.noarch                                 9:svn53448-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcharter.noarch                              9:svn58755-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcite.noarch                                 9:svn53486-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcjk2uni.noarch                              9:svn54958-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcntperchap.noarch                           9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                9:svn41044-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcolor-material.noarch                       9:svn42289-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcolor-solarized.noarch                      9:svn41809-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xcomment.noarch                              9:svn20031.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xcookybooky.noarch                           9:svn36435.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xcpdftips.noarch                             9:svn50449-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xdoc.noarch                                  9:svn15878.prot2.5-57.fc36           @updates                                    
texlive-xduthesis.noarch                             9:svn39694-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-xebaposter.noarch                            9:svn42046-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xechangebar.noarch                           9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                 9:svn56711-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xecolor.noarch                               9:svn29660.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                 9:svn54308-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xecyrmongolian.noarch                        9:svn53160-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xeindex.noarch                               9:svn35756.0.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xellipsis.noarch                             9:svn47546-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xepersian.noarch                             9:svn55194-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xepersian-hm.noarch                          9:svn56272-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xesearch.noarch                              9:svn51908-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xespotcolor.noarch                           9:svn58212-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-xetex-devanagari.noarch                      9:svn34296.0.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                          9:svn55475-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                        9:svn17055.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                         9:svn28847.0.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           9:svn45845-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-xetexko.noarch                               9:svn58929-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xetexref-doc.noarch                          9:svn53068-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xevlna.noarch                                9:svn43864-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xfakebold.noarch                             9:svn55654-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xfor.noarch                                  9:svn15878.1.05-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-xgreek.noarch                                9:svn46662-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xhfill.noarch                                9:svn22575.1.01-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               9:svn38929-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xii-doc.noarch                               9:svn45804-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xii-lat.noarch                               9:svn45805-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xindex.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-xindy-persian.noarch                         9:svn59013-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xint.noarch                                  9:svn59161-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xintsession.noarch                           9:svn59350-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xits.noarch                                  9:svn55730-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xkcdcolors.noarch                            9:svn54512-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               9:svn57006-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xlop.noarch                                  9:svn56910-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xltabular.noarch                             9:svn56855-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               9:svn56594-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xml2pmx.x86_64                               9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                          9:svn45845-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xmpincl.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xmuthesis.noarch                             9:svn56614-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xnewcommand.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xoptarg.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                9:svn54563-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xpdfopen.x86_64                              9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-xpeek.noarch                                 9:svn27442.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xpiano.noarch                                9:svn37604.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xpicture.noarch                              9:svn28770.1.2a-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-xpinyin.noarch                               9:svn56709-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xprintlen.noarch                             9:svn35928.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xpunctuate.noarch                            9:svn26641.1.0-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xq.noarch                                    9:svn35211.0.4-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xsavebox.noarch                              9:svn54097-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xsim.noarch                                  9:svn57619-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xskak.noarch                                 9:svn51432-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xstring.noarch                               9:svn49946-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xtab.noarch                                  9:svn23347.2.3f-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-xtuthesis.noarch                             9:svn47049-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              9:svn30466.0.981-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-xurl.noarch                                  9:svn57265-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-xwatermark.noarch                            9:svn28090.1.5.2d-57.fc36            @updates                                    
texlive-xyling.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-xymtex.noarch                                9:svn32182.5.06-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-xypic.noarch                                 9:svn31859.3.8.9-57.fc36             @updates                                    
texlive-xypic-tut-pt-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-xytree.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.5-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-yafoot.noarch                                9:svn48568-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yagusylo.noarch                              9:svn29803.1.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-yaletter.noarch                              9:svn42830-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yannisgr.noarch                              9:svn22613.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-yathesis.noarch                              9:svn58683-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yax.noarch                                   9:svn54080-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yazd-thesis.noarch                           9:svn51725-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ycbook.noarch                                9:svn46201-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ydoc.noarch                                  9:svn56291-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yfonts.noarch                                9:svn50755-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yfonts-t1.noarch                             9:svn36013-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yhmath.noarch                                9:svn54377-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yinit-otf.noarch                             9:svn40207-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-york-thesis.noarch                           9:svn23348.3.6-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-youngtab.noarch                              9:svn56500-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-yplan.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                   @fedora                                     
texlive-yquant.noarch                                9:svn58712-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ytableau.noarch                              9:svn27430.1.3-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-zbmath-review-template.noarch                9:svn58543-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zebra-goodies.noarch                         9:svn51554-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zed-csp.noarch                               9:svn17258.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-zhlineskip.noarch                            9:svn51142-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zhlipsum.noarch                              9:svn54994-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zhmetrics.noarch                             9:svn22207.r206-57.fc36              @updates                                    
texlive-zhmetrics-uptex.noarch                       9:svn40728-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zhnumber.noarch                              9:svn54960-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zhspacing.noarch                             9:svn41145-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-ziffer.noarch                                9:svn32279.2.1-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-zlmtt.noarch                                 9:svn51368-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zootaxa-bst.noarch                           9:svn50619-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zref.noarch                                  9:svn56611-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zwgetfdate.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                 @updates                                    
texlive-zwpagelayout.noarch                          9:svn53965-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zxjafbfont.noarch                            9:svn28539.0.2-57.fc36               @updates                                    
texlive-zxjafont.noarch                              9:svn53884-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zxjatype.noarch                              9:svn53500-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
texlive-zztex.noarch                                 9:svn55862-57.fc36                   @updates                                    
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.7.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.7.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
thermald.x86_64                                      2.4.8-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
thunar-archive-plugin.x86_64                         0.5.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.12.0-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.12.0-6.fc36                        @updates                                    
time.x86_64                                          1.9-18.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-33.fc36                      @fedora                                     
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.12-2.fc36                      @fedora                                     
tldr.noarch                                          3.1.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
tmux.x86_64                                          3.3a-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                     
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      3.2.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
tracker.x86_64                                       3.3.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
tre.x86_64                                           0.8.0-35.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc36     @fedora                                     
tre-common.noarch                                    0.8.0-35.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc36     @fedora                                     
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.20.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-5.fc36                          @fedora                                     
tumbler.x86_64                                       4.16.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
tuned.noarch                                         2.19.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
tzdata.noarch                                        2022g-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2022g-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.6-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.4-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.4-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
ufw.noarch                                           0.35-24.fc36                         @fedora                                     
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.17.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.17.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
unclutter-xfixes.x86_64                              1.6-1.fc36                           @fedora                                     
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.0.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-57.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.20-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-11.fc36                     @updates                                    
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-6.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
usbutils.x86_64                                      015-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.13.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              51-7.fc36                            @fedora                                     
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.0-19.20201110gitf9166e9.fc36     @fedora                                     
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1262-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.0.1262-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.25-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
vlc.x86_64                                           1:3.0.18-2.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
vlc-core.x86_64                                      1:3.0.18-2.fc36                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-18.fc36                        @updates                                    
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
volumeicon.x86_64                                    0.5.1-10.fc36                        @fedora                                     
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.68.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
vte291.x86_64                                        0.68.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                     
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.204.0-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                   
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc36            @updates                                    
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc36            @updates                                    
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.5.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-16.fc36                            @updates                                    
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                   2.38.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                               2.38.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
which.x86_64                                         2.21-32.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.15-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2021.08.28-2.fc36                    @anaconda                                   
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.13-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.13-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
wireshark.x86_64                                     1:3.6.11-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                 1:3.6.11-1.fc36                      @updates                                    
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.0.0-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
wlroots.x86_64                                       0.15.1-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
wmctrl.x86_64                                        1.07-32.fc36                         @fedora                                     
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
wofi.x86_64                                          1.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
words.noarch                                         3.0-39.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.12.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.163-6.20210613git5db6aa6.fc36      @rpmfusion-free                             
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.5-5.fc36                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                     
xapps.x86_64                                         2.2.8-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xarchiver.x86_64                                     0.5.4.17-3.fc36                      @fedora                                     
xbacklight.x86_64                                    1.2.3-5.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xbanish.x86_64                                       1.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.3-14.fc36                        @fedora                                     
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-19.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-17.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-20.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-22.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                                  1.3-9.fc36                           @fedora                                     
xclip.x86_64                                         0.13-16.git11cba61.fc36              @fedora                                     
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.3-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.12.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      42.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.12.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xdg-desktop-portal-wlr.x86_64                        0.5.0-2.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.17-10.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.10-22.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-11.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.2-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xev.x86_64                                           1.2.4-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xfburn.x86_64                                        0.6.2-6.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                   0.3-8.fc36                           @fedora                                     
xfce4-clipman-plugin.x86_64                          1.6.2-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                   4.16.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
xfce4-power-manager.x86_64                           4.16.0-5.fc36                        @updates                                    
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                4.16.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
xfce4-terminal.x86_64                                1.0.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
xfconf.x86_64                                        4.16.0-6.fc36                        @fedora                                     
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      5.14.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.8-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xinput.x86_64                                        1.6.3-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   1-3.fc36                             @anaconda                                   
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.5-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.35.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-58.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.08-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.08-1.fc36                       @updates                                    
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.33-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.33-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.33-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.10-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           22.0.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-52.20200205.fc36            @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.2.1-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-3.fc36                      @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-3.20210215git5dbad06.fc36    @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.5-20.fc35                        @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-synaptics-legacy.x86_64                 1.9.1-10.fc36                        @fedora                                     
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-16.fc35                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.0.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.0.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-33.fc36                          @fedora                                     
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-33.fc36                          @fedora                                     
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2021.5-2.fc36                        @fedora                                     
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-12.fc36                      @updates                                    
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      22.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-12.fc36                      @updates                                    
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                   
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.3-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.1-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.1-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-30.fc36                        @fedora                                     
xss-lock.x86_64                                      0.3.0-17.20140302git.fc36            @fedora                                     
xterm.x86_64                                         375-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
xterm-resize.x86_64                                  375-1.fc36                           @updates                                    
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-9.fc36                         @updates                                    
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-4.fc36                         @fedora                                     
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.1-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
xz.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.4.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.4.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-18.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                   
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
youtube-dl.noarch                                    2021.12.17-2.fc36                    @fedora                                     
yt-dlp.noarch                                        2023.01.06-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                        2023.01.06-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
yt-dlp-fish-completion.noarch                        2023.01.06-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
yt-dlp-zsh-completion.noarch                         2023.01.06-1.fc36                    @updates                                    
yum.noarch                                           4.14.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                    
zathura.x86_64                                       0.5.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
zathura-cb.x86_64                                    0.1.10-3.fc36                        @updates                                    
zathura-djvu.x86_64                                  0.2.9-8.fc36                         @updates                                    
zathura-pdf-poppler.x86_64                           0.3.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
zathura-plugins-all.x86_64                           0.5.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
zathura-ps.x86_64                                    0.2.7-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.2.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                    
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-10.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
zenity.x86_64                                        3.42.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                    
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.4-3.fc36                         @fedora                                     
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.3-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-32.fc36                          @anaconda                                   
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.11-33.fc36                       @updates                                    
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.11-33.fc36                       @updates                                    
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                   
zsh.x86_64                                           5.8.1-1.fc36                         @fedora                                     
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.2-2.fc36                         @updates                                    
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-16.fc36                       @fedora                                     
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                    
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.72-1.fc36                       @fedora                                     
