Installed Packages
AtomicParsley.x86_64                                      0.9.5-19.fc36                       @fedora                                              
Box2D.x86_64                                              2.4.1-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
GConf2.x86_64                                             3.2.6-34.fc36                       @fedora                                              
ImageMagick.x86_64                                        1:6.9.12.77-1.fc36                  @updates                                             
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.77-1.fc36                  @updates                                             
LibRaw.x86_64                                             0.20.2-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
ModemManager.x86_64                                       1.18.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                  1.18.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
NetworkManager.x86_64                                     1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                           1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch          1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                               1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                         1.2.8-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.8-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                             1:1.8.18-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                       1:1.8.18-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                 1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                1:1.2.10-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.10-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                 1.2.12-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.12-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                                1:1.2.8-1.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.8-1.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                1:1.38.6-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
PackageKit.x86_64                                         1.2.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                       1.2.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                        1.2.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                             1.2.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
SDL2.x86_64                                               2.26.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
SDL2_image.x86_64                                         2.0.5-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
Thunar.x86_64                                             4.16.11-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                            3.101-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
aalib-libs.x86_64                                         1.4.0-0.43.rc5.fc36                 @fedora                                              
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                       1.5.0-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                            0.301-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                         0.301-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
abrt.x86_64                                               2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                    2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                              2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                              2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                    2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-cli.x86_64                                           2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                          2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                       2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-gui.x86_64                                           2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                1.3.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
abrt-libs.x86_64                                          2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                                2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
abrt-tui.noarch                                           2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                                0.7-7.fc36                          @fedora                                              
accountsservice.x86_64                                    0.6.55-9.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                               0.6.55-9.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
acl.x86_64                                                2.3.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
adcli.x86_64                                              0.9.1-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                20230118-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                     20230118-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                 20190401-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                        2.030.1.050-12.fc36                 @anaconda                                            
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                               42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                 3.28-14.fc36                        @fedora                                              
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                 42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
alacritty.x86_64                                          0.10.1-1.fc36                       @fedora                                              
alsa-lib.x86_64                                           1.2.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                  2.2.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
alsa-ucm.noarch                                           1.2.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
alsa-utils.x86_64                                         1.2.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
alternatives.x86_64                                       1.21-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                   20230210-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
anaconda.x86_64                                           36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
anaconda-core.x86_64                                      36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                       36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                          36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
anaconda-live.x86_64                                      36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                       36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                 26.2-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                   36.16.5-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
annobin-docs.noarch                                       11.06-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                 11.06-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                1-8.1.fc36                          @updates                                             
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                      1.0.0.20211224-5.fc36               @updates                                             
antiword.x86_64                                           0.37-33.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
appstream.x86_64                                          0.16.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
appstream-data.noarch                                     36-6.fc36                           @updates                                             
apr.x86_64                                                1.7.0-16.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
apr-util.x86_64                                           1.6.1-20.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                       1.6.1-20.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                   1.6.1-20.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                        2.38.0-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                       2.44.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
atk.x86_64                                                2.38.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
atkmm.x86_64                                              2.28.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
atmel-firmware.noarch                                     1.3-26.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
attr.x86_64                                               2.5.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
audit.x86_64                                              3.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                             
audit-libs.x86_64                                         3.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                             
augeas-libs.x86_64                                        1.13.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
authselect.x86_64                                         1.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
authselect-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
autocorr-en.noarch                                        1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
avahi.x86_64                                              0.8-16.fc36                         @updates                                             
avahi-compat-libdns_sd.x86_64                             0.8-16.fc36                         @updates                                             
avahi-glib.x86_64                                         0.8-16.fc36                         @updates                                             
avahi-libs.x86_64                                         0.8-16.fc36                         @updates                                             
avahi-tools.x86_64                                        0.8-16.fc36                         @updates                                             
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                       019-21.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                       5.2-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
babl.x86_64                                               0.1.92-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
baobab.x86_64                                             42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
barrier.x86_64                                            2.4.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
basesystem.noarch                                         11-13.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
bash.x86_64                                               5.2.15-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
bash-completion.noarch                                    1:2.11-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
bc.x86_64                                                 1.07.1-15.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
bcache-tools.x86_64                                       1.1-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
biber.noarch                                              2.17-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
bind-libs.x86_64                                          32:9.16.37-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
bind-license.noarch                                       32:9.16.37-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
bind-utils.x86_64                                         32:9.16.37-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
binutils.x86_64                                           2.37-37.fc36                        @updates                                             
binutils-gold.x86_64                                      2.37-37.fc36                        @updates                                             
biosdevname.x86_64                                        0.7.3-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
blivet-data.noarch                                        1:3.4.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                 2.3.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
bluez.x86_64                                              5.66-4.fc36                         @updates                                             
bluez-cups.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc36                         @updates                                             
bluez-libs.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc36                         @updates                                             
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc36                         @updates                                             
bolt.x86_64                                               0.9.2-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
boost-chrono.x86_64                                       1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-date-time.x86_64                                    1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                   1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                    1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-locale.x86_64                                       1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-regex.x86_64                                        1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-system.x86_64                                       1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
boost-thread.x86_64                                       1.76.0-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
brasero-libs.x86_64                                       3.12.3-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                                  5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
breezy.x86_64                                             3.2.1-3.fc36                        @fedora                                              
brlapi.x86_64                                             0.8.4-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
brltty.x86_64                                             6.5-4.fc36                          @updates                                             
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                        6.1.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
bubblewrap.x86_64                                         0.5.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
bullet.x86_64                                             3.08-3.fc36                         @fedora                                              
bzip2.x86_64                                              1.0.8-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
bzip2-libs.i686                                           1.0.8-11.fc36                       @fedora                                              
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                         1.0.8-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
c-ares.x86_64                                             1.19.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
ca-certificates.noarch                                    2023.2.60-1.0.fc36                  @updates                                             
caca-utils.x86_64                                         0.99-0.59.beta20.fc36               @fedora                                              
cairo.x86_64                                              1.17.6-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                      1.17.6-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
cairomm.x86_64                                            1.14.2-22.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
capstone.x86_64                                           4.0.2-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
catatonit.x86_64                                          0.1.7-10.fc36                       @updates                                             
catimg.x86_64                                             2.7.0-5.fc36                        @updates                                             
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                    10.2-39.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
checkpolicy.x86_64                                        3.3-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
cheese.x86_64                                             2:41.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
cheese-libs.x86_64                                        2:41.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
chkconfig.x86_64                                          1.21-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
chmlib.x86_64                                             0.40-26.fc36                        @fedora                                              
chrony.x86_64                                             4.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
cifs-utils.x86_64                                         6.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                    6.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                              1:41-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                          1:41-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc36 @updates                                             
clucene-core.x86_64                                       2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc36 @updates                                             
clutter.x86_64                                            1.26.4-8.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                       3.0.27-9.fc36                       @updates                                             
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                        1.8.4-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
cmatrix.x86_64                                            2.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                              
code.x86_64                                               1.76.0-1677667581.el7               @code                                                
cogl.x86_64                                               1.22.8-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
color-filesystem.noarch                                   1-28.fc36                           @anaconda                                            
colord.x86_64                                             1.4.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                        0.3.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
colord-libs.x86_64                                        1.4.6-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                     4.4.3-1.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                    5.1.5-20.fc36                       @fedora                                              
compsize.x86_64                                           1.5-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
conky.x86_64                                              1.12.2-3.fc36                       @fedora                                              
conmon.x86_64                                             2:2.1.5-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
container-selinux.noarch                                  2:2.199.0-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
containerd.x86_64                                         1.6.15-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
containers-common.noarch                                  4:1-66.fc36                         @updates                                             
containers-common-extra.noarch                            4:1-66.fc36                         @updates                                             
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                   4.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
coreutils.x86_64                                          9.0-9.fc36                          @updates                                             
coreutils-common.x86_64                                   9.0-9.fc36                          @updates                                             
corosynclib.x86_64                                        3.1.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
cpio.x86_64                                               2.13-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
cpp.x86_64                                                12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
cracklib.x86_64                                           2.9.6-28.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                     2.9.6-28.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
createrepo_c.x86_64                                       0.20.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                  0.20.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
criu.x86_64                                               3.17.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
criu-libs.x86_64                                          3.17.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
crun.x86_64                                               1.8.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
crypto-policies.noarch                                    20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36          @updates                                             
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                            20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36          @updates                                             
cryptsetup.x86_64                                         2.4.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                    2.4.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
ctags.x86_64                                              6.0.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
cups.x86_64                                               1:2.4.2-5.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-client.x86_64                                        1:2.4.2-5.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-filesystem.noarch                                    1:2.4.2-5.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-filters.x86_64                                       1.28.16-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                               1.28.16-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                  1.28.16-2.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                       1:2.4.2-5.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-libs.x86_64                                          1:2.4.2-5.fc36                      @updates                                             
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                     0.2.6-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
curl.x86_64                                               7.82.0-13.fc36                      @updates                                             
cxl-libs.x86_64                                           75-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                         2.1.27-18.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                  2.1.27-18.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                     2.1.27-18.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                   2.1.27-18.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                        75-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
dbus.x86_64                                               1:1.14.4-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
dbus-broker.x86_64                                        33-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
dbus-common.noarch                                        1:1.14.4-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                        1:1.14.4-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
dbus-glib.x86_64                                          0.112-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
dbus-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.14.4-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
dbus-tools.x86_64                                         1:1.14.4-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
dbus-x11.x86_64                                           1:1.14.4-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                       0.9.3-0.28.20160218.fc36            @fedora                                              
dconf.x86_64                                              0.40.0-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
default-editor.noarch                                     6.0-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                  2.37-18.fc36                        @fedora                                              
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                             2.37-18.fc36                        @fedora                                              
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-18.fc36                        @fedora                                              
deltarpm.x86_64                                           3.6.2-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                          36.0.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                 0.26-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
device-mapper.x86_64                                      1.02.175-7.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                1.02.175-7.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                           1.02.175-7.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                 1.02.175-7.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                       0.8.7-9.fc36                        @updates                                             
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                      0.9.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
dex-autostart.noarch                                      0.9.0-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
dhcp-client.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc36                  @updates                                             
dhcp-common.noarch                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc36                  @updates                                             
diffutils.x86_64                                          3.8-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
discord.x86_64                                            0.0.25-1.fc36                       @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                           
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                              1.84-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.28-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                              0.3.0-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
dleyna-core.x86_64                                        0.6.0-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                    0.6.0-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
dleyna-server.x86_64                                      0.6.0-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
dmenu.x86_64                                              5.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                              
dmidecode.x86_64                                          1:3.3-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
dmraid.x86_64                                             1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                  @anaconda                                            
dmraid-events.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                  @anaconda                                            
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                  @anaconda                                            
dnf.noarch                                                4.14.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
dnf-data.noarch                                           4.14.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                   4.3.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
dnsmasq.x86_64                                            2.86-10.fc36                        @updates                                             
docbook-dtds.noarch                                       1.0-79.fc36                         @fedora                                              
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                  1.79.2-16.fc36                      @fedora                                              
docker-compose.noarch                                     1.29.2-4.fc36                       @fedora                                              
dos2unix.x86_64                                           7.4.2-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
dosfstools.x86_64                                         4.2-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
dotconf.x86_64                                            1.3-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
double-conversion.x86_64                                  3.1.5-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
dracut.x86_64                                             057-3.fc36                          @updates                                             
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                               057-3.fc36                          @updates                                             
dracut-live.x86_64                                        057-3.fc36                          @updates                                             
dracut-network.x86_64                                     057-3.fc36                          @updates                                             
dracut-squash.x86_64                                      057-3.fc36                          @updates                                             
drpm.x86_64                                               0.5.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
dunst.x86_64                                              1.9.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
dwz.x86_64                                                0.14-4.fc36                         @updates                                             
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                          1.46.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                                   0.2.2-22.fc36                       @fedora                                              
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                          20221117gitfff6d81270b5-14.fc36     @updates                                             
efi-filesystem.noarch                                     5-5.fc36                            @anaconda                                            
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5-5.fc36                            @fedora                                              
efibootmgr.x86_64                                         16-12.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
efivar-libs.x86_64                                        38-6.fc36                           @updates                                             
elfutils.x86_64                                           0.188-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                         0.188-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                        0.188-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                    0.188-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                      0.188-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
emacs.x86_64                                              1:28.2-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
emacs-common.x86_64                                       1:28.2-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                   1:28.2-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
embree.x86_64                                             3.13.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
enchant.x86_64                                            1:1.6.0-30.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
enchant2.x86_64                                           2.3.2-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
eog.x86_64                                                42.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
espeak-ng.x86_64                                          1.50-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
ethtool.x86_64                                            2:6.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
evince.x86_64                                             42.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
evince-djvu.x86_64                                        42.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
evince-libs.x86_64                                        42.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
evince-previewer.x86_64                                   42.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                 42.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
evolution-data-server.x86_64                              3.44.4-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                    3.44.4-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
exempi.x86_64                                             2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.fc36   @anaconda                                            
exfatprogs.x86_64                                         1.2.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
exiv2.x86_64                                              0.27.6-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
exo.x86_64                                                4.16.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
expat.x86_64                                              2.5.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
f36-backgrounds-base.noarch                               36.1.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
f36-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                              36.1.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
faad2-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.10.1-1.fc36                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                       2.0.0-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                                   28-24.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                             1.2-3.fc36                          @updates                                             
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                              1-2.fc36                            @anaconda                                            
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                    36-5                                @updates                                             
fedora-logos.noarch                                       36.0.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                                 36.0.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fedora-release-common.noarch                              36-21                               @updates                                             
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch                36-21                               @updates                                             
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                         36-21                               @updates                                             
fedora-repos.noarch                                       36-5                                @updates                                             
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                               36-5                                @updates                                             
fedora-third-party.noarch                                 0.10-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                     1.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch                    35-3.fc36                           @anaconda                                            
feh.x86_64                                                3.9.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
ffmpeg.x86_64                                             5.0.2-1.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                        5.0.2-1.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                   3.3.10-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
figlet.x86_64                                             2.2.5-23.20151018gita565ae1.fc36    @fedora                                              
file.x86_64                                               5.41-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
file-libs.x86_64                                          5.41-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
filesystem.x86_64                                         3.18-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
findutils.x86_64                                          1:4.9.0-1.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
firefox.x86_64                                            110.0-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
firewalld.noarch                                          1.2.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                               1.2.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
flac-libs.x86_64                                          1.3.4-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
flameshot.x86_64                                          12.1.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
flashrom.x86_64                                           1.2-8.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
flatpak.x86_64                                            1.12.7-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                       1.12.7-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                    1.12.7-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                             1.12.7-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
flexiblas.x86_64                                          3.3.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                   3.3.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                          3.3.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                    2.3.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
fmt.x86_64                                                8.1.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
folks.x86_64                                              1:0.15.5-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                                  1:4.7.0-13.fc36                     @fedora                                              
fontconfig.x86_64                                         2.14.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.0.5-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                  1:2.0.5-7.fc36                      @fedora                                              
fpaste.noarch                                             0.4.3.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.3-5.fc36                          @fedora                                              
fprintd.x86_64                                            1.94.2-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                        1.94.2-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
freeglut.x86_64                                           3.2.2-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                       2:2.10.0-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
freetype.x86_64                                           2.12.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                     1.7.0-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fribidi.x86_64                                            1.0.11-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
fros.noarch                                               1.1-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
fros-gnome.noarch                                         1.1-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
fstrm.x86_64                                              0.6.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
fuse.x86_64                                               2.9.9-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fuse-common.x86_64                                        3.10.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fuse-libs.x86_64                                          2.9.9-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                     1.9-6.fc36                          @updates                                             
fuse3.x86_64                                              3.10.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                         3.10.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
fwupd.x86_64                                              1.8.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                          1.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                              1.8.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                         1.8.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                     1.8.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
fzf.x86_64                                                0.38.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
game-music-emu.x86_64                                     0.6.3-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
gamemode.x86_64                                           1.6-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
garcon.x86_64                                             4.16.1-5.fc36                       @fedora                                              
gavl.x86_64                                               1.4.0-20.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gawk.x86_64                                               5.1.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                 5.1.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gc.x86_64                                                 8.0.6-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
gcc.x86_64                                                12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
gcc-c++.x86_64                                            12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                     12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                 12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
gcr.x86_64                                                3.41.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gcr-base.x86_64                                           3.41.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gd.x86_64                                                 2.3.3-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gdb.x86_64                                                12.1-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
gdb-headless.x86_64                                       12.1-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.22-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gdisk.x86_64                                              1.0.9-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                        2.42.9-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                2.42.9-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                   2.40.2-4.fc36                       @fedora                                              
gdm.x86_64                                                1:42.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                              10.24-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gegl04.x86_64                                             0.4.38-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
genisoimage.x86_64                                        1.1.11-49.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
geoclue2.x86_64                                           2.6.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                      2.6.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
geocode-glib.x86_64                                       3.26.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
geolite2-city.noarch                                      20191217-6.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
geolite2-country.noarch                                   20191217-6.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
gettext.x86_64                                            0.21-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gettext-libs.x86_64                                       0.21-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gfbgraph.x86_64                                           0.2.4-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.5.0-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
ghostscript.x86_64                                        9.56.1-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                            9.56.1-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                         9.56.1-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
giflib.x86_64                                             5.2.1-14.fc36                       @updates                                             
girara.x86_64                                             0.3.9-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
git.x86_64                                                2.39.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
git-core.x86_64                                           2.39.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
git-core-doc.noarch                                       2.39.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gjs.x86_64                                                1.72.2-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
glib-networking.x86_64                                    2.72.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
glib2.x86_64                                              2.72.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
glibc.i686                                                2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc.x86_64                                              2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-common.x86_64                                       2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-devel.x86_64                                        2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                    2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                  2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                  2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                  2.35-22.fc36                        @updates                                             
glibmm24.x86_64                                           2.66.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
glusterfs.x86_64                                          10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                      10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                           10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                     10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
glx-utils.x86_64                                          8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36    @anaconda                                            
gmp.x86_64                                                1:6.2.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                   4-15.fc36                           @fedora                                              
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                       0.4.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                  42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                    1:42.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                        42.3-3.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                            42.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                   42.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                     42.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-characters.x86_64                                   42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                       42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                3.36.0-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gnome-connections.x86_64                                  42.1.2-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                     42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-control-center.x86_64                               42.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                    42.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                     42.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                     42.8-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                 42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-extensions-app.x86_64                               42.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                  42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                42.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                      42.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                  42.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-logs.x86_64                                         42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-maps.x86_64                                         42.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-menus.x86_64                                        3.36.0-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                              3.44.0-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                3.34.0-10.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
gnome-photos.x86_64                                       42.0-3.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                               42.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-session.x86_64                                      42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                      42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                             42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                              42.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-shell.x86_64                                        42.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch              42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                       42.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell.noarch                    1.2.0^7.4c03091-1.fc36              @updates                                             
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell-shortcut-overrides.noarch 1.2.0^7.4c03091-1.fc36              @updates                                             
gnome-software.x86_64                                     42.4-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                               42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                     3.44.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                            3.44.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                                  42.2-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                 3.28-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gnome-tour.x86_64                                         42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                       42~beta-1.fc36                      @fedora                                              
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                    42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                   3.34.0-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                0.5.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gnome-weather.x86_64                                      42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gnupg2.x86_64                                             2.3.7-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                       2.3.7-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
gnutls.x86_64                                             3.7.8-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                        3.7.8-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                       3.7.8-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                     3.2.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
gobject-introspection.x86_64                              1.72.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
godot.x86_64                                              3.4.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
gom.x86_64                                                0.4-7.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                               1.103-0.18.20130920.fc36            @anaconda                                            
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                            20200215-12.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                       20201206-4.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                      20211102-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                           20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch      20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                     20201206-4.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                      20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-math-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                          20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206-10.fc36                    @updates                                             
gparted.x86_64                                            1.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
gperftools-libs.x86_64                                    2.9.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gpgme.x86_64                                              1.17.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
gpgmepp.x86_64                                            1.17.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
gpm-libs.x86_64                                           1.20.7-40.fc36                      @fedora                                              
graphene.x86_64                                           1.10.6-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
graphite2.x86_64                                          1.3.14-9.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
graphviz.x86_64                                           2.50.0-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
grep.x86_64                                               3.7-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
grilo.x86_64                                              0.3.15-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                      0.3.15-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
groff.x86_64                                              1.22.4-9.fc36                       @fedora                                              
groff-base.x86_64                                         1.22.4-9.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
groff-perl.x86_64                                         1.22.4-9.fc36                       @fedora                                              
grub2-common.noarch                                       1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                     1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                      1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                               1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-pc.x86_64                                           1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                   1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-tools.x86_64                                        1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                    1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                  1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                1:2.06-61.fc36                      @updates                                             
grubby.x86_64                                             8.40-67.fc36                        @updates                                             
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                          42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
gsm.x86_64                                                1.0.19-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gsound.x86_64                                             1.0.3-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gspell.x86_64                                             1.10.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gssdp.x86_64                                              1.4.0.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
gssproxy.x86_64                                           0.8.4-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gst-editing-services.x86_64                               1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1.x86_64                                         1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                            1.20.3-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                         1.20.3-3.fc36                       @fedora-cisco-openh264                               
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                        1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64                   1:1.20.3-1.fc36                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                            1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                            1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                        1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                         1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                            1:1.20.3-1.fc36                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                       1.20.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                              3.24.35-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                           1.3.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gtk2.x86_64                                               2.24.33-8.fc36                      @fedora                                              
gtk3.x86_64                                               3.24.35-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
gtk4.x86_64                                               4.6.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
gtkmm30.x86_64                                            3.24.6-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                     4.8.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                     5.4.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
gts.x86_64                                                0.7.6-41.20121130.fc36              @fedora                                              
guile22.x86_64                                            2.2.7-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gupnp.x86_64                                              1.4.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gupnp-av.x86_64                                           0.14.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                         0.12.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                          1.2.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gutenprint.x86_64                                         5.3.4-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                    5.3.4-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                    5.3.4-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gvfs.x86_64                                               1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                           1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                           1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                       1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-client.x86_64                                        1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                          1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                           1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                       1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                           1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                           1.50.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
gvnc.x86_64                                               1.3.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gvncpulse.x86_64                                          1.3.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
gzip.x86_64                                               1.11-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
harfbuzz.x86_64                                           4.0.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                       4.0.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                      540.1.linux3-26.fc36                @anaconda                                            
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                 0.17-13.fc36                        @updates                                             
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28-14.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
hostname.x86_64                                           3.23-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
hplip.x86_64                                              3.22.10-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
hplip-common.x86_64                                       3.22.10-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
hplip-libs.x86_64                                         3.22.10-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                                   1:1.001-6.20200428git336a529.fc36   @anaconda                                            
htop.x86_64                                               3.2.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
http-parser.x86_64                                        2.9.4-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
httpd.x86_64                                              2.4.55-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
httpd-core.x86_64                                         2.4.55-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                   2.4.55-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
httpd-tools.x86_64                                        2.4.55-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
hunspell.x86_64                                           1.7.0-19.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
hunspell-en.noarch                                        0.20140811.1-22.fc36                @anaconda                                            
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-22.fc36                @anaconda                                            
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-22.fc36                @anaconda                                            
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                1.7.0-19.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
hwdata.noarch                                             0.367-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                     0-0.39.20220731git.fc36             @updates                                             
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                             0-0.39.20220731git.fc36             @updates                                             
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                       0-0.39.20220731git.fc36             @updates                                             
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc36             @updates                                             
hypervvssd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc36             @updates                                             
hyphen.x86_64                                             2.8.8-17.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
hyphen-en.noarch                                          2.8.8-17.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
i3.x86_64                                                 4.22-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
i3-config.noarch                                          4.22-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
i3lock-color.x86_64                                       2.13.c.4-1.fc36                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:tokariew:i3lock-color
i3status.x86_64                                           2.14-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
i3status-config.noarch                                    2.14-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
ibus.x86_64                                               1.5.26-9.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                         1.5.14-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                  1.5.14-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                          1.5.26-9.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                          1.5.26-9.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                        1.5.4-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                     1.13.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.26-9.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                     1.10.0-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                          1.4.19-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-setup.noarch                                         1.5.26-9.fc36                       @updates                                             
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                2.22.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                   3.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
ilbc.x86_64                                               1.1.1-22.fc36                       @fedora                                              
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                      1.4-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
imath.x86_64                                              3.1.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
imlib2.x86_64                                             1.7.4-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
info.x86_64                                               6.8-3.fc36                          @fedora                                              
inih.x86_64                                               56-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
iniparser.x86_64                                          4.1-9.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
initscripts.x86_64                                        10.16-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                          10.16-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
initscripts-service.noarch                                10.16-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                 20230210-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                     22.3.0-1.fc36                       @fedora                                              
ipcalc.x86_64                                             1.0.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
iproute.x86_64                                            5.15.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
iproute-tc.x86_64                                         5.15.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
ipset.x86_64                                              7.15-5.fc36.1                       @updates                                             
ipset-libs.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc36.1                       @updates                                             
iptables-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.7-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
iptables-nft.x86_64                                       1.8.7-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
iptstate.x86_64                                           2.2.6-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
iputils.x86_64                                            20221126-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                     20220210-1.git64113751.fc36         @updates                                             
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                              6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36           @anaconda                                            
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                     6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36           @anaconda                                            
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                    0.101-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
iso-codes.noarch                                          4.9.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
isomd5sum.x86_64                                          1:1.2.3-15.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
iw.x86_64                                                 5.9-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                    39.31.5.1-147.fc36                  @updates                                             
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                   1:39.31.5.1-147.fc36                @updates                                             
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                    18.168.6.1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                    18.168.6.1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                   18.168.6.1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                   18.168.6.1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                   1:25.30.13.0-147.fc36               @updates                                             
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                   15.32.2.9-147.fc36                  @updates                                             
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                   228.61.2.24-147.fc36                @updates                                             
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                   8.83.5.1_1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                   8.24.2.2-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                   9.221.4.1-147.fc36                  @updates                                             
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                                18.168.6.1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                                18.168.6.1-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                   41.28.5.1-147.fc36                  @updates                                             
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                   1:25.30.13.0-147.fc36               @updates                                             
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                                  20230210-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
jansson.x86_64                                            2.13.1-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
jasper-libs.x86_64                                        2.0.33-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                           1:17.0.6.0.10-1.fc36                @updates                                             
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                            6.0.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                      0.19-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                       2.1-23.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                    0.003-35.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
jq.x86_64                                                 1.6-13.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
js-jquery.noarch                                          3.6.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
json-c.x86_64                                             0.15-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
json-glib.x86_64                                          1.6.6-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                        1:7.222-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
jwhois.x86_64                                             4.0-67.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                  0.6.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                              22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                                22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kasumi-common.noarch                                      2.5-37.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                     2.5-37.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
kbd.x86_64                                                2.4.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
kbd-legacy.noarch                                         2.4.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
kbd-misc.noarch                                           2.4.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                     4-67.fc36                           @fedora                                              
kde-settings.noarch                                       36.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                             22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                               006-6.20220128git9603258.fc36       @anaconda                                            
kernel.x86_64                                             6.0.9-200.fc36                      @updates                                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.0.12-200.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.1.14-100.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.0.9-200.fc36                      @updates                                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.0.12-200.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.1.14-100.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-headers.x86_64                                     6.1.5-100.fc36                      @updates                                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.0.9-200.fc36                      @updates                                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.0.12-200.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.1.14-100.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.0.9-200.fc36                      @updates                                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.0.12-200.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.1.14-100.fc36                     @updates                                             
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1.0-14.fc36                         @fedora                                              
kexec-tools.x86_64                                        2.0.25-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
keybinder3.x86_64                                         0.3.2-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
keyutils.x86_64                                           1.6.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                     5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                       5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                          5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                     5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                        5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                                   5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                                 5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                         5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                                   5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                      5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                                   5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                              5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                     5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                          5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                          5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                          5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                       5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                                  5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                        5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                               5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                        5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                       5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                               5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                      5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                     5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                            5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                                 5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                       5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                         5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                           5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                       5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                                   5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                        5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                                   5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                                 5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                                  5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                        5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                      22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                        5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-solid.x86_64                                          5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                                    5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                      5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                                   5.103.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                              5.0-35.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
kmod.x86_64                                               29-7.fc36                           @anaconda                                            
kmod-libs.x86_64                                          29-7.fc36                           @anaconda                                            
kpartx.x86_64                                             0.8.7-9.fc36                        @updates                                             
krb5-libs.x86_64                                          1.19.2-12.fc36                      @updates                                             
ladspa.x86_64                                             1.13-28.fc36                        @fedora                                              
lame-libs.x86_64                                          3.100-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                  3.0-25.fc36                         @updates                                             
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                             3.0-25.fc36                         @updates                                             
langpacks-en.noarch                                       3.0-25.fc36                         @updates                                             
langtable.noarch                                          0.0.61-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
lasi.x86_64                                               1.1.3-8.fc36                        @fedora                                              
lazygit.x86_64                                            0.37.0-1.fc36                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazygit         
lcms2.x86_64                                              2.13.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
less.x86_64                                               590-5.fc36                          @updates                                             
libICE.x86_64                                             1.0.10-8.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libSM.x86_64                                              1.2.3-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libX11.x86_64                                             1.7.3.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libX11-common.noarch                                      1.7.3.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                         1.7.3.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                      1.2.3-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libXau.x86_64                                             1.0.9-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXaw.x86_64                                             1.0.14-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libXcomposite.x86_64                                      0.4.5-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXcursor.x86_64                                         1.2.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXdamage.x86_64                                         1.1.5-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXdmcp.x86_64                                           1.1.3-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXext.x86_64                                            1.3.4-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXfixes.x86_64                                          6.0.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXfont2.x86_64                                          2.0.3-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libXft.x86_64                                             2.3.4-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXi.x86_64                                              1.8-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libXinerama.x86_64                                        1.1.4-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libXmu.x86_64                                             1.1.3-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXpm.x86_64                                             3.5.15-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
libXrandr.x86_64                                          1.5.2-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXrender.x86_64                                         0.9.10-16.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libXres.x86_64                                            1.2.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXt.x86_64                                              1.2.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libXtst.x86_64                                            1.2.3-16.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libXv.x86_64                                              1.0.11-16.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libXvMC.x86_64                                            1.0.12-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                        1.1.5-8.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                         1.1.4-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
liba52.x86_64                                             0.7.4-42.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libabw.x86_64                                             0.1.3-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                                   1.25-8.fc36                         @fedora                                              
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                                    1.16-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
libacl.x86_64                                             2.3.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libadwaita.x86_64                                         1.2.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libaio.x86_64                                             0.3.111-13.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
libao.x86_64                                              1.2.0-22.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libaom.x86_64                                             3.2.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libappindicator.x86_64                                    12.10.0-32.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                               12.10.0-32.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                  0.8.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
libarchive.x86_64                                         3.5.3-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
libargon2.x86_64                                          20171227-9.fc36                     @updates                                             
libass.x86_64                                             0.17.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libassuan.x86_64                                          2.5.5-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libasyncns.x86_64                                         0.8-22.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libatasmart.x86_64                                        0.19-22.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libatomic.x86_64                                          12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libattr.x86_64                                            2.5.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libavc1394.x86_64                                         0.5.4-17.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libavdevice.x86_64                                        5.0.2-1.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
libavif.x86_64                                            0.9.3-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libb2.x86_64                                              0.98.1-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                      1.5.8-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                    0.1.1-50.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libblkid.x86_64                                           2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev.x86_64                                        2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
libbluray.x86_64                                          1.3.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libbpf.x86_64                                             2:0.7.0-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
libbrotli.x86_64                                          1.0.9-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libbs2b.x86_64                                            3.1.0-28.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libbsd.x86_64                                             0.11.7-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
libbytesize.x86_64                                        2.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
libcaca.x86_64                                            0.99-0.59.beta20.fc36               @fedora                                              
libcacard.x86_64                                          3:2.8.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libcanberra.x86_64                                        0.30-28.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                   0.30-28.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                   0.30-28.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libcap.x86_64                                             2.48-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libcap-ng.x86_64                                          0.8.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                  0.8.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libcbor.x86_64                                            0.7.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libcddb.x86_64                                            1.3.2-36.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libcdio.x86_64                                            2.1.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                   10.2+2.0.1-6.fc36                   @anaconda                                            
libcdr.x86_64                                             0.1.7-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libchamplain.x86_64                                       0.12.20-6.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                   0.12.20-6.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libchromaprint.x86_64                                     1.5.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                  0.3.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libcmis.x86_64                                            0.5.2-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libcollection.x86_64                                      0.7.0-50.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libcom_err.x86_64                                         1.46.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libcomps.x86_64                                           0.1.18-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libconfuse.x86_64                                         3.3-7.fc36                          @updates                                             
libcue.x86_64                                             2.2.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libcurl.x86_64                                            7.82.0-13.fc36                      @updates                                             
libcxx.x86_64                                             14.0.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libcxxabi.x86_64                                          14.0.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libdaemon.x86_64                                          0.14-23.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libdatrie.x86_64                                          0.2.13-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libdav1d.x86_64                                           0.9.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libdazzle.x86_64                                          3.44.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libdb.x86_64                                              5.3.28-51.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                        16.04.0-19.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                   16.04.0-19.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                   16.04.0-19.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libdc1394.x86_64                                          2.2.6-7.fc36                        @updates                                             
libdca.x86_64                                             0.0.7-7.fc36                        @updates                                             
libde265.x86_64                                           1.0.9-1.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
libdecor.x86_64                                           0.1.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libdhash.x86_64                                           0.5.0-50.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                     2.9.41-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                    3.9.10-5.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libdmx.x86_64                                             1.1.4-12.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libdnf.x86_64                                             0.68.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libdrm.x86_64                                             2.4.114-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                          1.3.3-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libdvdnav.x86_64                                          6.1.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libdvdread.x86_64                                         6.1.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libe-book.x86_64                                          0.1.3-19.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libebml.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libeconf.x86_64                                           0.4.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libedit.x86_64                                            3.1-41.20210910cvs.fc36             @anaconda                                            
libeot.x86_64                                             0.01-18.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libepoxy.x86_64                                           1.5.10-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libepubgen.x86_64                                         0.1.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                            1:2.1.5-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                          2:20230210-147.fc36                 @updates                                             
libetonyek.x86_64                                         0.1.10-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libev.x86_64                                              4.33-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libevdev.x86_64                                           1.13.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libevent.x86_64                                           2.1.12-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libexif.x86_64                                            0.6.24-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libexttextcat.x86_64                                      3.4.6-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libfdisk.x86_64                                           2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libfdt.x86_64                                             1.6.1-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
libffi.x86_64                                             3.4.2-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libfido2.x86_64                                           1.10.0-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
libfontenc.x86_64                                         1.1.4-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libfprint.x86_64                                          1.94.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                        0.1.1-3.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free                                      
libfreehand.x86_64                                        0.1.2-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libfsverity.x86_64                                        1.4-7.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libftdi.x86_64                                            1.5-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libgcab1.x86_64                                           1.4-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libgcc.i686                                               12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgcc.x86_64                                             12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgccjit.x86_64                                          12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgcrypt.x86_64                                          1.10.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgdata.x86_64                                           0.18.1-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgdither.x86_64                                         0.6-26.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libgee.x86_64                                             0.20.5-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgexiv2.x86_64                                          0.14.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgfapi0.x86_64                                          10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libgfortran.x86_64                                        12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                          10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                          10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libgit2.x86_64                                            1.3.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libglusterd0.x86_64                                       10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                      10.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libglvnd.x86_64                                           1:1.4.0-4.fc36                      @updates                                             
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                       1:1.4.0-4.fc36                      @updates                                             
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                      1:1.4.0-4.fc36                      @updates                                             
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                       1:1.4.0-4.fc36                      @updates                                             
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                    1:1.4.0-4.fc36                      @updates                                             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                        3.26.1-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgomp.x86_64                                            12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgpg-error.x86_64                                       1.45-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libgphoto2.x86_64                                         2.5.30-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgpod.x86_64                                            0.8.3-41.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgrss.x86_64                                            0.7.0-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgs.x86_64                                              9.56.1-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
libgsf.x86_64                                             1.14.47-5.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libgtop2.x86_64                                           2.40.0-8.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgudev.x86_64                                           237-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libgusb.x86_64                                            0.3.10-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libgweather.x86_64                                        40.0-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libgweather4.x86_64                                       4.0.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libgxps.x86_64                                            0.3.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libhandy.x86_64                                           1.6.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libhangul.x86_64                                          0.1.0-25.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libibverbs.x86_64                                         39.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libical.x86_64                                            3.0.14-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libical-glib.x86_64                                       3.0.14-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libicu.x86_64                                             69.1-6.fc36                         @updates                                             
libidn.x86_64                                             1.38-4.fc36                         @fedora                                              
libidn2.x86_64                                            2.3.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libieee1284.x86_64                                        0.2.11-38.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libijs.x86_64                                             0.35-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libimagequant.x86_64                                      2.17.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                   1.3.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libindicator.x86_64                                       12.10.1-22.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                  12.10.1-22.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libini_config.x86_64                                      1.3.1-50.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libinput.x86_64                                           1.21.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libinstpatch.x86_64                                       1.1.6-10.fc36                       @updates                                             
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                        2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libipt.x86_64                                             2.0.5-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libiptcdata.x86_64                                        1.0.5-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libiscsi.x86_64                                           1.19.0-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libjaylink.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libjcat.x86_64                                            0.1.12-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libjose.x86_64                                            11-5.fc36                           @anaconda                                            
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                      2.1.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libjxl.x86_64                                             0.6.1-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libkate.x86_64                                            0.4.1-24.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libkcapi.x86_64                                           1.4.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
libksba.x86_64                                            1.6.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
liblangtag.x86_64                                         0.6.3-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
liblangtag-data.noarch                                    0.6.3-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libldac.x86_64                                            2.0.2.3-10.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
libldb.x86_64                                             2.5.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
liblockfile.x86_64                                        1.17-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
liblouis.x86_64                                           3.22.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                     3.22.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                                2.11.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
liblqr-1.x86_64                                           0.4.2-19.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libmad.x86_64                                             0.15.1b-33.fc36                     @fedora                                              
libmanette.x86_64                                         0.2.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libmarkdown.x86_64                                        2.2.7-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libmatroska.x86_64                                        1.7.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                       1.7.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libmbim.x86_64                                            1.26.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                      1.26.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libmd.x86_64                                              1.0.4-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
libmediaart.x86_64                                        1.9.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libmetalink.x86_64                                        0.1.3-25.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmicrodns.x86_64                                        0.2.0-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libmnl.x86_64                                             1.0.4-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmodplug.x86_64                                         1:0.8.9.0-14.fc36                   @fedora                                              
libmodulemd.x86_64                                        2.14.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmount.x86_64                                           2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libmpc.x86_64                                             1.2.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libmpcdec.x86_64                                          1.2.6-29.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libmpeg2.x86_64                                           0.5.1-24.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmspack.x86_64                                          0.10.1-0.7.alpha.fc36               @anaconda                                            
libmspub.x86_64                                           0.1.4-19.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmtp.x86_64                                             1.1.18-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmwaw.x86_64                                            0.3.21-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libmysofa.x86_64                                          1.2.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libndp.x86_64                                             1.8-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libnet.x86_64                                             1.2-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                             1.0.8-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                       1.0.1-21.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libnfs.x86_64                                             4.0.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                        1:2.6.2-0.fc36                      @updates                                             
libnftnl.x86_64                                           1.2.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libnghttp2.x86_64                                         1.51.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libnice.x86_64                                            0.1.19-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libnl3.x86_64                                             3.7.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                         3.7.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libnma.x86_64                                             1.8.38-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                        1.8.38-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libnotify.x86_64                                          0.7.12-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libnsl2.x86_64                                            2.0.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libnumbertext.x86_64                                      1.0.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
liboauth.x86_64                                           1.0.3-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libodfgen.x86_64                                          0.1.8-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libogg.x86_64                                             2:1.3.5-3.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libopenmpt.x86_64                                         0.6.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
liborcus.x86_64                                           0.17.2-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libosinfo.x86_64                                          1.10.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libotf.x86_64                                             0.9.13-20.fc36                      @fedora                                              
libpagemaker.x86_64                                       0.0.4-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libpaper.x86_64                                           1.1.28-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                        2.0.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libpath_utils.x86_64                                      0.2.1-50.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libpcap.x86_64                                            14:1.10.3-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
libpciaccess.x86_64                                       0.16-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libpeas.x86_64                                            1.32.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                        1.32.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                             1.32.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libphodav.x86_64                                          2.5-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libphonenumber.x86_64                                     8.12.11-11.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
libpinyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                     2.6.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libpipeline.x86_64                                        1.5.5-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libpkgconf.x86_64                                         1.8.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libplacebo.x86_64                                         4.192.1-1.fc36                      @fedora                                              
libplist.x86_64                                           2.2.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libpmem.x86_64                                            1.11.1-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libpng.x86_64                                             2:1.6.37-12.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
libportal.x86_64                                          0.5-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libproxy.x86_64                                           0.4.18-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                                0.4.18-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libpskc.x86_64                                            2.6.7-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libpsl.x86_64                                             0.21.1-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libptytty.x86_64                                          2.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                              
libpwquality.x86_64                                       1.4.4-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libqb.x86_64                                              2.0.4-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libqmi.x86_64                                             1.30.6-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                       1.30.6-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                       1.0.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libquadmath.x86_64                                        12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libqxp.x86_64                                             0.0.2-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
librados2.x86_64                                          2:16.2.11-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
libraqm.x86_64                                            0.8.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libraw1394.x86_64                                         2.1.2-15.fc36                       @fedora                                              
librbd1.x86_64                                            2:16.2.11-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
librdmacm.x86_64                                          39.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libref_array.x86_64                                       0.1.5-50.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                   1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                   1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-data.noarch                                   1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                             1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                                1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                          1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                   1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                            1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                               1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                       1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                              1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                  1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                    1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                             1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                 1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                    1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                             1:7.3.7.2-2.fc36                    @updates                                             
librepo.x86_64                                            1.15.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport.x86_64                                          2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                 2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                   2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-filesystem.noarch                               2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                      2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                          2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                        2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                            2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                    2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                   2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                           2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libreport-web.x86_64                                      2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
librevenge.x86_64                                         0.0.5-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
librsvg2.x86_64                                           2.54.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
librtmp.x86_64                                            2.4-21.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc36     @rpmfusion-free                                      
libsamplerate.x86_64                                      0.2.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                    0.99.27-4.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                      3.22.10-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
libsbc.x86_64                                             1.5-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libseccomp.x86_64                                         2.5.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libsecret.x86_64                                          0.20.5-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libselinux.x86_64                                         3.3-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                   3.3-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libsemanage.x86_64                                        3.3-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libsepol.x86_64                                           3.3-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libshaderc.x86_64                                         2021.3-3.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libshout.x86_64                                           2.4.3-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libsigc++20.x86_64                                        2.10.8-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libsigsegv.x86_64                                         2.14-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libslirp.x86_64                                           4.6.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libsmartcols.x86_64                                       2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libsmbclient.x86_64                                       2:4.16.9-0.fc36                     @updates                                             
libsmbios.x86_64                                          2.4.3-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libsndfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
libsodium.x86_64                                          1.0.18-9.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libsolv.x86_64                                            0.7.22-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libsoup.x86_64                                            2.74.2-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libsoup3.x86_64                                           3.0.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libspatialaudio.x86_64                                    3.1-6.20200406gitd926a2e.fc36       @fedora                                              
libspectre.x86_64                                         0.2.9-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libsrtp.x86_64                                            2.3.0-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libss.x86_64                                              1.46.5-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libssh.x86_64                                             0.9.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libssh-config.noarch                                      0.9.6-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libssh2.x86_64                                            1.10.0-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                     2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                       2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                        2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libstaroffice.x86_64                                      0.0.7-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libstdc++.x86_64                                          12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                    12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libstemmer.x86_64                                         0-18.585svn.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
libtalloc.x86_64                                          2.3.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libtasn1.x86_64                                           4.19.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libtdb.x86_64                                             1.4.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libteam.x86_64                                            1.31-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libtermkey.x86_64                                         0.22-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
libtevent.x86_64                                          0.12.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libthai.x86_64                                            0.1.29-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libtheora.x86_64                                          1:1.1.1-31.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
libtiff.x86_64                                            4.4.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
libtiger.x86_64                                           0.3.4-23.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                     0.4.5.1-11.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
libtirpc.x86_64                                           1.3.3-0.fc36                        @updates                                             
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                        1.18.2-14.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libtommath.x86_64                                         1.2.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                       2.4.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libtpms.x86_64                                            0.9.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                  3.3.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                     0.20.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libubsan.x86_64                                           12.2.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libudfread.x86_64                                         1.1.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libudisks2.x86_64                                         2.9.4-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libunistring.x86_64                                       1.0-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libunwind.x86_64                                          1.6.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libupnp.x86_64                                            1.14.15-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
liburing.x86_64                                           2.0-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
libusal.x86_64                                            1.1.11-49.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libusb.x86_64                                             1:0.1.7-7.fc36                      @fedora                                              
libusb1.x86_64                                            1.0.25-8.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                         2.0.2-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libuser.x86_64                                            0.63-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libutempter.x86_64                                        1.2.1-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libuuid.x86_64                                            2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
libuv.x86_64                                              1:1.44.2-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
libv4l.x86_64                                             1.22.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libva.x86_64                                              2.14.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libvdpau.x86_64                                           1.5-1.fc36                          @fedora                                              
libverto.x86_64                                           0.3.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libverto-libev.x86_64                                     0.3.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-client.x86_64                                     8.1.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                     8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                      8.1.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64                    8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                      8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                      8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                         8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                       8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                      8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64                 8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64                 8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64              8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64                8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64         8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64              8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64                8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64                  8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64                 8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64             8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64                  8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                                 8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                                    4.0.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                       4.0.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                                    4.0.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                       8.1.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvisio.x86_64                                           0.1.7-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libvisual.x86_64                                          1:0.4.0-35.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
libvmaf.x86_64                                            2.3.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libvncserver.x86_64                                       0.9.13-12.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libvorbis.x86_64                                          1:1.3.7-5.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libvpx.x86_64                                             1.11.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libvterm.x86_64                                           0.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
libwacom.x86_64                                           2.2.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libwacom-data.noarch                                      2.2.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libwayland-client.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libwayland-server.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libwbclient.x86_64                                        2:4.16.9-0.fc36                     @updates                                             
libwebp.x86_64                                            1.3.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libwinpr.x86_64                                           2:2.10.0-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                        0.2.12-8.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libwnck3.x86_64                                           43.0-3.fc36                         @updates                                             
libwpd.x86_64                                             0.10.3-10.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
libwpe.x86_64                                             1.12.0-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libwpg.x86_64                                             0.3.3-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libwps.x86_64                                             0.4.12-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libwsman1.x86_64                                          2.7.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libxcb.x86_64                                             1.13.1-9.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libxcrypt.x86_64                                          4.4.33-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                   4.4.33-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                    4.4.33-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
libxcvt.x86_64                                            0.1.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                         4.16.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libxfce4util.x86_64                                       4.16.0-5.fc36                       @fedora                                              
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                       1.4.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                   1.4.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libxkbfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libxklavier.x86_64                                        5.4-20.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libxml2.x86_64                                            2.10.3-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
libxmlb.x86_64                                            0.3.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libxshmfence.x86_64                                       1.3-10.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
libxslt.x86_64                                            1.1.37-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
libyaml.x86_64                                            0.2.5-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
libzhuyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
libzip.x86_64                                             1.8.0-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
libzmf.x86_64                                             0.0.2-20.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
libzstd.x86_64                                            1.5.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
lilv-libs.x86_64                                          0.24.12-5.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                     2.5.1-31.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
linux-firmware.noarch                                     20230210-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                              20230210-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
lirc-libs.x86_64                                          0.10.0-34.fc36                      @fedora                                              
live555.x86_64                                            2022.10.01-1.fc36                   @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.18-12.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
llvm-libs.x86_64                                          14.0.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
llvm13-libs.x86_64                                        13.0.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                          0.9.30-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
lockdev.x86_64                                            1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.fc36         @anaconda                                            
logrotate.x86_64                                          3.20.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                2.91.5-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                             2.95.5-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                               2.92.4-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                2.5.4-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                2.94.2-14.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                   2.91.2-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.3-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                 2.5.5-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                 2.1-5.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
lpsolve.x86_64                                            5.5.2.0-28.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
lrzsz.x86_64                                              0.12.20-55.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
lshw.x86_64                                               B.02.19.2-6.fc36                    @fedora                                              
lsof.x86_64                                               4.94.0-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
lttng-ust.x86_64                                          2.13.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
lua.x86_64                                                5.4.4-9.fc36                        @updates                                             
lua-libs.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc36                        @updates                                             
lua-posix.x86_64                                          35.1-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1-6.fc36                            @fedora                                              
luajit.x86_64                                             2.1.0-0.25beta3.fc36                @updates                                             
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                      1.44.2.1-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
lv2.x86_64                                                1.18.2-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
lvm2.x86_64                                               2.03.11-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                         2.03.11-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                          2.03.11-7.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
lz4-libs.x86_64                                           1.9.3-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
lzo.x86_64                                                2.10-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
lzop.x86_64                                               1.04-8.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
m17n-db.noarch                                            1.8.0-26.fc36                       @updates                                             
m17n-lib.x86_64                                           1.8.0-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
mactel-boot.x86_64                                        0.9-26.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
mailcap.noarch                                            2.1.53-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
make.x86_64                                               1:4.3-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
malcontent.x86_64                                         0.10.3-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
malcontent-control.x86_64                                 0.10.3-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                    0.10.3-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                 0.10.3-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
man-db.x86_64                                             2.10.0-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
man-pages.noarch                                          5.13-4.fc36                         @updates                                             
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                3.2.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                         3.2.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
mbedtls.x86_64                                            2.28.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mcelog.x86_64                                             3:175-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
mdadm.x86_64                                              4.2-1.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
mdevctl.x86_64                                            1.2.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
media-player-info.noarch                                  23-10.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
mediawriter.x86_64                                        5.0.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
memstrack.x86_64                                          0.2.4-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                   22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                    22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                        22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                         22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                        9.0.1-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                        22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                      22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                  22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                22.1.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                      2:2.1-51.1.fc36                     @updates                                             
miniupnpc.x86_64                                          2.2.4-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.1-2.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free                                      
mkfontscale.x86_64                                        1.2.1-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
mkpasswd.x86_64                                           5.5.15-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                     20210805-2.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
moby-engine.x86_64                                        20.10.21-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                          0.6-26.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
mod_http2.x86_64                                          2.0.9-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
mod_lua.x86_64                                            2.4.55-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mokutil.x86_64                                            2:0.6.0-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
most.x86_64                                               5.1.0-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                 1.9-28.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                   2.3.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                               
mozjs91.x86_64                                            91.13.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
mpage.x86_64                                              2.5.7-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
mpdecimal.x86_64                                          2.5.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
mpfr.x86_64                                               4.1.0-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                        1.31.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mpv.x86_64                                                0.34.1-3.fc36                       @rpmfusion-free                                      
msgpack.x86_64                                            3.1.0-9.fc36                        @fedora                                              
mtdev.x86_64                                              1.1.6-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
mtools.x86_64                                             4.0.42-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
mtr.x86_64                                                2:0.95-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
mutter.x86_64                                             42.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
mythes.x86_64                                             1.2.4-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
mythes-en.noarch                                          3.0-33.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
nano.x86_64                                               6.0-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
nano-default-editor.noarch                                6.0-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                42.6-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
ncurses.x86_64                                            6.2-9.20210508.fc36                 @anaconda                                            
ncurses-base.noarch                                       6.2-9.20210508.fc36                 @anaconda                                            
ncurses-libs.i686                                         6.2-9.20210508.fc36                 @fedora                                              
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                       6.2-9.20210508.fc36                 @anaconda                                            
ndctl.x86_64                                              75-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                         75-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
neofetch.noarch                                           7.1.0-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
neovim.x86_64                                             0.8.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                      1:5.9.3-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
net-tools.x86_64                                          2.0-0.62.20160912git.fc36           @updates                                             
netavark.x86_64                                           1.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
netpbm.x86_64                                             11.00.00-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
nettle.x86_64                                             3.8-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
network-manager-applet.x86_64                             1.26.0-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
nfs-utils.x86_64                                          1:2.6.2-0.fc36                      @updates                                             
nftables.x86_64                                           1:1.0.1-3.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3-6.fc36                            @fedora                                              
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                               1.26.0-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                          3:7.93-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
nodejs.x86_64                                             1:16.18.1-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
nodejs-docs.noarch                                        1:16.18.1-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                   1:16.18.1-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                        1:16.18.1-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
npm.x86_64                                                1:8.19.2-1.16.18.1.1.fc36           @updates                                             
npth.x86_64                                               1.6-8.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
nspr.x86_64                                               4.35.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
nss.x86_64                                                3.88.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
nss-mdns.x86_64                                           0.15.1-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
nss-softokn.x86_64                                        3.88.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                 3.88.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                        3.88.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
nss-util.x86_64                                           3.88.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                            2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                  @updates                                             
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                  @updates                                             
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                         1.0-9.fc36                          @updates                                             
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                          2:2022.10.3-1.fc36                  @updates                                             
numactl-libs.x86_64                                       2.0.14-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
numad.x86_64                                              0.5-36.20150602git.fc36             @anaconda                                            
numlockx.x86_64                                           1.2-21.fc36                         @fedora                                              
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                                20230210-147.fc36                   @updates                                             
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                  6-6.fc36                            @fedora                                              
ocl-icd.x86_64                                            2.3.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
okular.x86_64                                             22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
okular-libs.x86_64                                        22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
okular-part.x86_64                                        22.12.0-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
oniguruma.x86_64                                          6.9.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                      12.1.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                              12.1.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
openal-soft.x86_64                                        1.21.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
openblas.x86_64                                           0.3.19-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                    0.3.19-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                               2-11.fc36                           @fedora                                              
openconnect.x86_64                                        9.01-3.fc36                         @updates                                             
opencore-amr.x86_64                                       0.1.6-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
openexr-libs.x86_64                                       3.1.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
openh264.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.fc36                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                               
openjpeg2.x86_64                                          2.4.0-10.fc36                       @updates                                             
openldap.x86_64                                           2.6.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
openldap-compat.x86_64                                    2.6.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
openpgm.x86_64                                            5.2.122-28.fc36                     @fedora                                              
opensc.x86_64                                             0.22.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                             
openssh.x86_64                                            8.8p1-1.fc36.1                      @anaconda                                            
openssh-clients.x86_64                                    8.8p1-1.fc36.1                      @anaconda                                            
openssh-server.x86_64                                     8.8p1-1.fc36.1                      @anaconda                                            
openssl.x86_64                                            1:3.0.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
openssl-libs.x86_64                                       1:3.0.8-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                     0.4.12-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
openvpn.x86_64                                            2.5.9-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
opus.x86_64                                               1.3.1-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
orc.x86_64                                                0.4.31-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
orca.noarch                                               42.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
os-prober.x86_64                                          1.77-9.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
osinfo-db.noarch                                          20221130-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                    1.10.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
ostree.x86_64                                             2022.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
ostree-libs.x86_64                                        2022.5-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
p11-kit.x86_64                                            0.24.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                     0.24.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                      0.24.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                          0.4-14.fc36                         @fedora                                              
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                          6.0-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
pam.x86_64                                                1.5.2-13.fc36                       @updates                                             
pam-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.2-13.fc36                       @updates                                             
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                    2.6-16.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                       2.0.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pandoc.x86_64                                             2.14.0.3-16.fc36                    @fedora                                              
pandoc-common.noarch                                      2.14.0.3-16.fc36                    @fedora                                              
pango.x86_64                                              1.50.9-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pangomm.x86_64                                            2.46.2-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
paper.x86_64                                              2.3-4.fc36                          @fedora                                              
paps.x86_64                                               0.7.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
parted.x86_64                                             3.4-13.fc36                         @updates                                             
passwd.x86_64                                             0.80-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
passwdqc.x86_64                                           2.0.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                     2.0.2-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pavucontrol.x86_64                                        5.0-6.fc36                          @fedora                                              
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                         1.1-9.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
pciutils.x86_64                                           3.9.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
pcre.x86_64                                               8.45-1.fc36.1                       @anaconda                                            
pcre2.x86_64                                              10.40-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                       10.40-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                          1.9.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                     1.5.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                     1.9.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                      7.17-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                                   0.17-16.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                                   2.16-26.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                    5.74-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-B.x86_64                                             1.82-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                            0.26-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                                 3.007-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                            20210112.006-4.fc36                 @fedora                                              
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                                 1.202-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                                 1.004-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Carp.noarch                                          1.52-479.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                                0.51-14.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                        0.09-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                               1.36-9.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                        2.13-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                               1.6-5.fc36                          @fedora                                              
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                  0.66-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                              1.19-26.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Clone.x86_64                                         0.45-7.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                            2.101-480.fc36                      @fedora                                              
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                             2.101-481.fc36                      @updates                                             
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                                  0.33-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                                  1.27-8.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                     1.25-3.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                   2.183-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                  0.112-3.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                                   0.12-27.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                                  0.005-14.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                                    6.90-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                      2:1.57-1.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch                      0.107-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                       0.8300-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                      1:1.79-4.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                               1.36-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                             2.57-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                     0.010-15.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                      0.011-15.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                             0.008-15.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                                  2.06-27.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                       0.14-17.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                                0.05-28.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                              1:2.04-11.fc36                      @fedora                                              
perl-Digest.noarch                                        1.20-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                                   1.04-4.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                    2.58-479.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                    1:6.03-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                           0.11-24.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                    1.50-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                          0.003-14.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                             1.005-21.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Encode.x86_64                                        4:3.17-485.fc36                     @updates                                             
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                 1.05-22.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Errno.x86_64                                         1.33-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Error.noarch                                         1:0.17029-8.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                                  0.14-17.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                               1.45-4.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Exporter.noarch                                      5.76-480.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                                 1.006000-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                             2:7.64-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                         1.14-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                 2.85-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                  1.100.600-486.fc36                  @fedora                                              
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                     2.35-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-File-Find.noarch                                     1.39-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                                0.34-20.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                  1.006-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                  6.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-File-Path.noarch                                     2.18-479.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                                 1.118-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                                  0.013-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                     1:0.231.100-479.fc36                @anaconda                                            
perl-File-Which.noarch                                    1.27-4.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-File-stat.noarch                                     1.09-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                    2.03-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Filter.x86_64                                        2:1.61-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
perl-FindBin.noarch                                       1.52-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-GD.x86_64                                            2.76-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                                    1.15-40.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                        0.28-38.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                   1:2.54-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                    1.13-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Git.noarch                                           2.39.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
perl-Guard.x86_64                                         1.023-23.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                                   3.81-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                                   3.20-49.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                                  6.10-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                     6.05-8.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                                  6.36-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                                6.01-31.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                     0.082-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                           1.21-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                                 0.45-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                 0.19-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-IO.x86_64                                            1.46-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                   2.102-481.fc36                      @updates                                             
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                       1.004-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                  0.41-480.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                 2.074-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
perl-IO-String.noarch                                     1.08-44.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                       2:1.04-480.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                     1.21-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                      0.048-24.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                      2.09-480.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                             1.30-7.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-JSON.noarch                                          4.05-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                       1:4.03-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-LDAP.noarch                                          1:0.68-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                                6.04-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                            6.10-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                      0.011-18.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                                   0.009-28.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                               0.29-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                                 0.19-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                                0.430-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                             0.430-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                                0.58-8.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                                  0.12-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                               1.29-480.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                        1:0.21-486.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                                  2.70-6.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                       1.38-3.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                                  1.54-4.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                   3.16-479.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                  1.012.2-16.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                     3.033-3.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                                    2.22-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                    0.15-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                                   1:0.903-17.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                                 0.80-14.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-MailTools.noarch                                     2.21-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                   1:1.9998.30-1.fc36                  @updates                                             
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                  1.59-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                               1:5.20230220-1.fc36                 @updates                                             
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                         0.09-32.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                   1:0.36-479.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                       0.74-479.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                               1.000037-479.fc36                   @fedora                                              
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                                0.016-14.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                    20211001-2.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                     1.15-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-NKF.x86_64                                           1:2.1.4-23.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-NTLM.noarch                                          1.09-31.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                      6.22-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                                  1.04-17.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                    1.92-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                                0.03-31.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                        1.50-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                         1.97-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                             1.106-24.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                                 0.40-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                              0.29-12.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                     2.5-5.fc36                          @fedora                                              
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                  1:0.38-479.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                               0.015-15.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                   1.102-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                               1.31-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                     0.30-14.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                              1.967015-16.fc36                    @fedora                                              
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                     3.80-479.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                            0.009-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                   1:1.07-479.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                      1.27-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                   3.28.01-480.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                    1:3.43-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                     4:2.01-479.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                      0.204-13.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                                   0.117-14.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                                 2017060201-17.fc36                  @fedora                                              
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                     2.002004-5.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-Safe.noarch                                          2.43-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                             5:1.63-489.fc36                     @updates                                             
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                   1.02-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Socket.x86_64                                        4:2.036-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                      1.33-23.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Specio.noarch                                        0.47-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Storable.x86_64                                      1:3.25-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                  0.988-3.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                      0.001013-17.fc36                    @fedora                                              
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                                  0.14-18.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                   0.928-30.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Symbol.noarch                                        1.09-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                  1.23-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                    0.36-480.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                                   1.06-13.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                5.01-480.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                      1.17-479.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                   2.38-12.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                 2.04-479.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                                   0.88-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                      2.01-3.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                     0.11-16.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                               3.31-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                                    3.5-21.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                                  3.05-21.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                2021.0814-2.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                                1.30-17.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Tie.noarch                                           4.6-486.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                                     1.227-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                                   1.40-479.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                    4:1.9767-480.fc36                   @fedora                                              
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                    2:1.300-479.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                      1:2.33-7.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                      0.31-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                              1.01-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-URI.noarch                                           5.10-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                               1.31-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                             2019.001-12.fc36                    @fedora                                              
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                             1.28-479.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                                   0.75-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                                0.62-15.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                                6.02-31.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                                    1:2.0207-5.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                             1.01-8.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                                   2.002.000-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                          1.12-16.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                    2.46-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                       1.02-9.fc36                         @fedora                                              
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                                  1.09-16.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                                    0.900-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                     1.44-12.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-XString.x86_64                                       0.005-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-autodie.noarch                                       2.34-480.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-autovivification.x86_64                              0.18-15.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-base.noarch                                          2.27-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                  3.7.5-8.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-constant.noarch                                      1.33-480.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-deprecate.noarch                                     0.04-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-encoding.x86_64                                      4:3.00-485.fc36                     @updates                                             
perl-if.noarch                                            0.60.900-486.fc36                   @anaconda                                            
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                   4:5.34.1-486.fc36                   @anaconda                                            
perl-lib.x86_64                                           0.65-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-libnet.noarch                                        3.13-480.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-libs.x86_64                                          4:5.34.1-486.fc36                   @anaconda                                            
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                                   6.67-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
perl-locale.noarch                                        1.10-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-meta-notation.noarch                                 5.34.1-486.fc36                     @fedora                                              
perl-mro.x86_64                                           1.25-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                           0.29-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                               0.27-19.fc36                        @fedora                                              
perl-open.noarch                                          1.12-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-overload.noarch                                      1.33-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-overloading.noarch                                   0.02-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-parent.noarch                                        1:0.238-479.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
perl-podlators.noarch                                     1:4.14-479.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                       1.09-486.fc36                       @fedora                                              
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-43.fc36                           @fedora                                              
perl-subs.noarch                                          1.04-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-vars.noarch                                          1.05-486.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
perl-version.x86_64                                       8:0.99.29-5.fc36                    @fedora                                              
perltidy.noarch                                           20220217-1.fc36                     @fedora                                              
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                         4.11.1-9.fc36                       @fedora                                              
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                       2:4.10.0-7.fc36                     @fedora                                              
pigz.x86_64                                               2.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
pinentry.x86_64                                           1.2.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                    1.2.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pinfo.x86_64                                              0.6.10-29.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
pipewire.x86_64                                           0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                      0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                                0.3.65-1.fc36                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                 0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                 0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                      0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                                0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                     0.3.66-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
pixman.x86_64                                             0.40.0-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                      1.29.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
pkgconf.x86_64                                            1.8.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                         1.8.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                 1.8.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                               5.27.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
plocate.x86_64                                            1.1.16-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
plymouth.x86_64                                           22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                 22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                             22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                              22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                           22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                   22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                              22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                             22.02.122-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
podman.x86_64                                             5:4.4.1-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                     5:4.4.1-3.fc36                      @updates                                             
policycoreutils.x86_64                                    3.3-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                       3.3-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
polkit.x86_64                                             0.120-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
polkit-libs.x86_64                                        0.120-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                 0.1-21.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                       0.114.0-3.fc36                      @fedora                                              
poppler.x86_64                                            22.01.0-6.fc36                      @updates                                             
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                        22.01.0-6.fc36                      @updates                                             
poppler-data.noarch                                       0.4.11-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
poppler-glib.x86_64                                       22.01.0-6.fc36                      @updates                                             
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                        22.01.0-6.fc36                      @updates                                             
poppler-utils.x86_64                                      22.01.0-6.fc36                      @updates                                             
popt.x86_64                                               1.18-7.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                              0.12-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
powerline.x86_64                                          2.8.3-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
powerline-fonts.noarch                                    2.8.3-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
powertop.x86_64                                           2.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
ppp.x86_64                                                2.4.9-7.fc36                        @updates                                             
pptp.x86_64                                               1.10.0-14.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
procps-ng.x86_64                                          3.3.17-4.fc36.1                     @updates                                             
protobuf.x86_64                                           3.19.4-6.fc36                       @updates                                             
protobuf-c.x86_64                                         1.4.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                      3.19.4-6.fc36                       @updates                                             
psacct.x86_64                                             6.6.4-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
psmisc.x86_64                                             23.4-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
psutils.noarch                                            2.07-2.fc36                         @fedora                                              
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                            20210518-4.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                    15.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                              15.0-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                   15.0-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                              1.6.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                   21.3.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                              5.15.6-10.fc36                      @updates                                             
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                            59.6.0-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                 3.10-20.fc36                        @updates                                             
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                 234-20.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python-unversioned-command.noarch                         3.10.10-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3.x86_64                                            3.10.10-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3-abrt.x86_64                                       2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                 2.15.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                2.0.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-attrs.noarch                                      21.4.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-audit.x86_64                                      3.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                             
python3-augeas.noarch                                     1.1.0-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                     3.2.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-beaker.noarch                                     1.10.0-13.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                             4.11.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-blivet.noarch                                     1:3.4.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                     0.8.4-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
python3-cached_property.noarch                            1.5.2-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-cairo.x86_64                                      1.21.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-certifi.noarch                                    2021.10.8-1.fc36                    @fedora                                              
python3-cffi.x86_64                                       1.15.0-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-chardet.noarch                                    4.0.0-17.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                         2.0.11-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-click.noarch                                      8.0.4-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-colorama.noarch                                   0.4.4-13.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-configobj.noarch                                  5.0.6-27.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-crypto.x86_64                                     2.6.1-39.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-cryptography.x86_64                               36.0.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-cups.x86_64                                       2.0.1-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-dasbus.noarch                                     1.6-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
python3-dateutil.noarch                                   1:2.8.1-8.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
python3-dbus.x86_64                                       1.2.18-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-distro.noarch                                     1.6.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-dnf.noarch                                        4.14.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch                  4.0.17-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.3.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                  4.0.17-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-docker.noarch                                     5.0.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-docker+ssh.noarch                                 5.0.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-docker-pycreds.noarch                             0.4.0-12.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-dockerpty.noarch                                  0.4.1-24.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-docopt.noarch                                     0.6.2-22.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-dotenv.noarch                                     0.19.2-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-dotenv+cli.noarch                                 0.19.2-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-dulwich.x86_64                                    0.20.32-1.fc36                      @fedora                                              
python3-enchant.noarch                                    3.2.2-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-firewall.noarch                                   1.2.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-gobject.x86_64                                    3.42.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                               3.42.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                        3.42.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-gpg.x86_64                                        1.17.0-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                     0.68.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-httplib2.noarch                                   0.20.3-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-humanize.noarch                                   3.13.1-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-idna.noarch                                       3.3-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
python3-jaraco.noarch                                     8.2.1-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-jaraco-classes.noarch                             3.2.1-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-jeepney.noarch                                    0.7.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-jinja2.noarch                                     3.0.3-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-jsonschema.noarch                                 3.2.0-13.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-jwt.noarch                                        2.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-jwt+crypto.noarch                                 2.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-keyring.noarch                                    23.9.3-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-kickstart.noarch                                  3.36-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-langtable.noarch                                  0.0.61-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-launchpadlib.noarch                               1.10.15.1-2.fc36                    @fedora                                              
python3-lazr-restfulclient.noarch                         0.14.4-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-lazr-uri.noarch                                   1.0.6-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.18-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                     0.68.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-libreport.x86_64                                  2.17.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-libs.x86_64                                       3.10.10-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                 3.3-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                3.3-3.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                    2.10.3-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-louis.noarch                                      3.22.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-lxml.x86_64                                       4.7.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-mako.noarch                                       1.1.4-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                 2.1.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-meh.noarch                                        0.50-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                    0.50-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-more-itertools.noarch                             8.12.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-mutagen.noarch                                    1.45.1-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-nftables.x86_64                                   1:1.0.1-3.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
python3-oauthlib.noarch                                   3.0.2-12.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-oauthlib+signedtoken.noarch                       3.0.2-12.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-olefile.noarch                                    0.46-16.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-packaging.noarch                                  21.3-2.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-paramiko.noarch                                   2.12.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-paste.noarch                                      3.5.0-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-patiencediff.x86_64                               0.2.2-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-pexpect.noarch                                    4.8.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pid.noarch                                        2.2.3-13.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pillow.x86_64                                     9.1.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-pip.noarch                                        21.3.1-4.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-ply.noarch                                        3.11-15.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                            3.3-4.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
python3-productmd.noarch                                  1.33-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                 0.6.0-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.4-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                  21.0.0-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                     0.4.8-8.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                    2.38.2-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pycparser.noarch                                  2.20-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                              3.17.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                     7.45.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                     1.7.1-3.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-pygments.noarch                                   2.11.2-1.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                     1.4.0-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                  2.4.7-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                   1:3.12.0-1.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                  12.9.0-3.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                                 0.18.1-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-pysocks.noarch                                    1.7.1-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pyudev.noarch                                     0.22.0-8.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                      0.27-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                     6.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                              
python3-qt5.x86_64                                        5.15.6-10.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                   5.15.6-10.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                              5.15.4-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-regex.x86_64                                      2022.10.31-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
python3-requests.noarch                                   2.27.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-requests-file.noarch                              1.5.1-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                               0.3.1-24.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-rpm.x86_64                                        4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-secretstorage.noarch                              3.3.1-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-setools.x86_64                                    4.4.0-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-setuptools.noarch                                 59.6.0-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-shtab.noarch                                      1.5.8-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                                1.0.4-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-simpleline.noarch                                 1.9.0-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-six.noarch                                        1.16.0-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                  2.3.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
python3-speechd.x86_64                                    0.11.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-systemd.x86_64                                    234-20.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
python3-tempita.noarch                                    0.5.2-2.fc35                        @anaconda                                            
python3-termcolor.noarch                                  1.1.0-27.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-texttable.noarch                                  1.6.2-11.fc36                       @fedora                                              
python3-unbound.x86_64                                    1.17.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
python3-urllib3.noarch                                    1.26.12-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
python3-wadllib.noarch                                    1.3.6-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
python3-websocket-client.noarch                           1.3.2-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
python3-websockets.x86_64                                 10.1-1.fc36                         @fedora                                              
qca-qt5.x86_64                                            2.3.4-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                       2.3.4-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
qcustomplot-qt5.x86_64                                    2.1.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                      2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-common.x86_64                                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                            2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64                  2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64                  2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                           2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                          2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-img.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                                    2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                                  2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                 2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                           2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                             2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                           2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                             2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                              2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                             2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                             2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                             2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                               2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                            2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                     2:6.2.0-17.fc36                     @updates                                             
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                 0.9.0-6.fc36                        @updates                                             
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                 0.9.0-6.fc36                        @updates                                             
qhexedit2-qt5-libs.x86_64                                 0.8.9-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                          10.6.3-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                      4.1.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                     2.13.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
qt-settings.noarch                                        36.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                         5.15.8-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                  5.15.8-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     5.15.8-5.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                 5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                             5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                     5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                                5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                               5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                      5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                   5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                       5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                               5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                          5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                 5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                          5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                              5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                      5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                   5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                                    5.15.12-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                       5.212.0-0.72alpha4.fc36             @updates                                             
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                   5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                    5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                  5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5.15.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                         6.3.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                  6.3.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     6.3.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                             
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  6.3.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                          6.3.1-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                      6.3.1-5.fc36                        @updates                                             
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                                   2.4-36.20150629git5a07df5.fc36      @fedora                                              
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                            2.6.1-43.fc36                       @fedora                                              
quota.x86_64                                              1:4.06-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
quota-nls.noarch                                          1:4.06-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
qutebrowser.noarch                                        2.5.2-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
ranger.noarch                                             1.9.3-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
raptor2.x86_64                                            2.0.15-32.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
rasqal.x86_64                                             0.9.33-18.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                         0.5.0-8.fc36                        @updates                                             
re2.x86_64                                                1:20220601-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
readline.x86_64                                           8.2-2.fc36                          @updates                                             
realmd.x86_64                                             0.17.0-9.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
redhat-menus.noarch                                       12.0.2-21.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                  223-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
redland.x86_64                                            1.0.17-29.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
rest.x86_64                                               0.8.1-12.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
rhythmbox.x86_64                                          3.4.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                                1.4.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
rofi.x86_64                                               1.7.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
rofi-themes.noarch                                        1.7.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
rootfiles.noarch                                          8.1-31.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
rpcbind.x86_64                                            1.2.6-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
rpm.x86_64                                                4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                     4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
rpm-libs.x86_64                                           4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                 4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                         4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                      4.17.1-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                      36-4.fc36                           @rpmfusion-free                                      
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                             36-1                                @@commandline                                        
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch                   36-3.fc36                           @rpmfusion-nonfree                                   
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                          36-1                                @@commandline                                        
rsync.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
rtkit.x86_64                                              0.11-30.fc36                        @updates                                             
rubberband.x86_64                                         3.1.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
ruby.x86_64                                               3.1.3-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
ruby-default-gems.noarch                                  3.1.3-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
ruby-devel.x86_64                                         3.1.3-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
ruby-libs.x86_64                                          3.1.3-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                 3.1.1-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                    2.3.26-173.fc36                     @updates                                             
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                 0.5.11-173.fc36                     @updates                                             
rubygem-json.x86_64                                       2.6.2-200.fc36                      @updates                                             
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                      4.0.4-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                       6.4.0-173.fc36                      @updates                                             
rubygems.noarch                                           3.3.26-173.fc36                     @updates                                             
rubypick.noarch                                           1.1.1-16.fc36                       @fedora                                              
runc.x86_64                                               2:1.1.4-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                   24-1.fc36                           @updates                                             
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                                       9.31-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
rygel.x86_64                                              0.40.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
samba-client.x86_64                                       2:4.16.9-0.fc36                     @updates                                             
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.16.9-0.fc36                     @updates                                             
samba-common.noarch                                       2:4.16.9-0.fc36                     @updates                                             
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.16.9-0.fc36                     @updates                                             
sane-airscan.x86_64                                       0.99.27-4.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
sane-backends.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                      1.2.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                     1.2.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
satyr.x86_64                                              0.39-4.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
sc.x86_64                                                 7.16-17.fc36                        @fedora                                              
schroedinger.x86_64                                       1.0.11-26.fc36                      @fedora                                              
screenfetch.noarch                                        3.9.1-6.fc36                        @fedora                                              
scrot.x86_64                                              1.7-2.fc36                          @fedora                                              
seabios-bin.noarch                                        1.16.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                     1.16.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
sed.x86_64                                                4.8-10.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
selinux-policy.noarch                                     36.17-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                            36.17-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sensible-utils.noarch                                     0.0.17-2.fc36                       @fedora                                              
serd.x86_64                                               0.30.10-4.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
setup.noarch                                              2.14.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                          1.3.2-5.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                     1.46-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
sgabios-bin.noarch                                        1:0.20180715git-8.fc36              @anaconda                                            
sgml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-58.fc36                       @fedora                                              
sgpio.x86_64                                              1.2.0.10-30.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
shadow-utils.x86_64                                       2:4.11.1-5.fc36                     @updates                                             
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                 2:4.11.1-5.fc36                     @updates                                             
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                   2.1-3.fc35                          @anaconda                                            
sheepdog.x86_64                                           1.0.1-17.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
shim-ia32.x86_64                                          15.6-2                              @updates                                             
shim-x64.x86_64                                           15.6-2                              @updates                                             
shotwell.x86_64                                           0.31.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
signon.x86_64                                             8.60-10.fc36                        @fedora                                              
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                               0.24-4.fc36                         @fedora                                              
signon-ui.x86_64                                          0.15-17.fc36                        @fedora                                              
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                  1.000-6.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                    2.200-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                   3.003-9.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
simple-scan.x86_64                                        42.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
slang.x86_64                                              2.3.2-11.fc36                       @fedora                                              
slirp4netns.x86_64                                        1.2.0-0.2.beta.0.fc36               @anaconda                                            
slock.x86_64                                              1.4-17.fc36                         @fedora                                              
snappy.x86_64                                             1.1.9-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
sombok.x86_64                                             2.4.0-16.fc36                       @fedora                                              
sord.x86_64                                               0.16.8-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
sos.noarch                                                4.3-2.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                            0.8-17.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
soundtouch.x86_64                                         2.3.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
source-highlight.x86_64                                   3.1.9-15.fc36                       @updates                                             
soxr.x86_64                                               0.1.3-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                  0.11.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                        0.11.4-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
speex.x86_64                                              1.2.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
speexdsp.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
spice-glib.x86_64                                         0.40-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                         0.40-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
spice-server.x86_64                                       0.15.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                      0.22.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                   2022.1-1.20220202.git45dd184.fc36   @fedora                                              
sqlcipher.x86_64                                          4.4.3-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                        3.36.0-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
sqlite2.x86_64                                            2.8.17-37.fc36                      @fedora                                              
sqlitebrowser.x86_64                                      3.13.0-0.3.gita302128.fc36          @fedora                                              
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                     4.5.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sratom.x86_64                                             0.6.8-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
srt-libs.x86_64                                           1.4.4-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
sshpass.x86_64                                            1.09-3.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
sssd.x86_64                                               2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-ad.x86_64                                            2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-client.x86_64                                        2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-common.x86_64                                        2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                    2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-idp.x86_64                                           2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                           2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                           2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                     2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                         2.7.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
st.x86_64                                                 0.8.4-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
startup-notification.x86_64                               0.12-23.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
stix-fonts.noarch                                         2.0.2-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
stoken-libs.x86_64                                        0.92-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
stow.noarch                                               2.3.1-7.fc36                        @fedora                                              
sudo.x86_64                                               1.9.12-2.p2.fc36                    @updates                                             
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                 1.9.12-2.p2.fc36                    @updates                                             
suitesparse.x86_64                                        5.10.1-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
sushi.x86_64                                              42.0-2.fc36                         @updates                                             
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                       0.9.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-3.fc36                        @rpmfusion-free                                      
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                 2.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
swtpm.x86_64                                              0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36     @updates                                             
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                         0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36     @updates                                             
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                        0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36     @updates                                             
symlinks.x86_64                                           1.7-6.fc36                          @anaconda                                            
syslinux.x86_64                                           6.04-0.22.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                  6.04-0.22.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                         6.04-0.22.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                  6.04-0.22.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                         1.5.18-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                         1.5.18-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd.x86_64                                            250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-container.x86_64                                  250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-libs.x86_64                                       250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                   250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                              250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-pam.x86_64                                        250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                   250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
systemd-udev.x86_64                                       250.10-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
taglib.x86_64                                             1.12-6.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
tar.x86_64                                                2:1.34-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
tbb.x86_64                                                2020.3-9.fc35                       @anaconda                                            
tcl.x86_64                                                1:8.6.12-2.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
tcpdump.x86_64                                            14:4.99.3-1.fc36                    @updates                                             
teamd.x86_64                                              1.31-5.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
teckit.x86_64                                             2.5.11-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
texlive.noarch                                            9:2021-57.fc36                      @updates                                             
texlive-ae.noarch                                         9:svn15878.1.4-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-algorithms.noarch                                 9:svn42428-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-alphalph.noarch                                   9:svn53087-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-amscls.noarch                                     9:svn55378-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                                   9:svn29208.3.04-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-amsmath.noarch                                    9:svn56514-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-anysize.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                                   9:svn53051-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-attachfile.noarch                                 9:svn42099-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                                9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-atveryend.noarch                                  9:svn53108-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                               9:svn56596-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-auxhook.noarch                                    9:svn53173-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-avantgar.noarch                                   9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-babel.noarch                                      9:svn58999-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-babel-english.noarch                              9:svn44495-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-babelbib.noarch                                   9:svn57349-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-base.x86_64                                       9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-beamer.noarch                                     9:svn58537-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-bera.noarch                                       9:svn20031.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-beton.noarch                                      9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-biblatex.noarch                                   9:svn61868-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                     9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-bidi.noarch                                       9:svn55193-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                                 9:svn53172-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-bitset.noarch                                     9:svn53837-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-bookman.noarch                                    9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-bookmark.noarch                                   9:svn56885-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-booktabs.noarch                                   9:svn53402-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-breakurl.noarch                                   9:svn29901.1.40-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-breqn.noarch                                      9:svn56422-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-caption.noarch                                    9:svn56771-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-carlisle.noarch                                   9:svn56753-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-catchfile.noarch                                  9:svn53084-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-changepage.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.0c-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-charter.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-cite.noarch                                       9:svn36428.5.5-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-cm.noarch                                         9:svn57963-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-cm-super.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-cmap.noarch                                       9:svn57640-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-cmextra.noarch                                    9:svn57866-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                           9:svn59159-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch                9:svn54074-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                           9:svn57048-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch                9:svn57862-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                              9:svn49086-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-colortbl.noarch                                   9:svn53545-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-courier.noarch                                    9:svn35058.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-crop.noarch                                       9:svn55424-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-csquotes.noarch                                   9:svn57844-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ctable.noarch                                     9:svn38672-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                                9:svn38514-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-currfile.noarch                                   9:svn56478-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                     9:svn48599-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                      9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-ec.noarch                                         9:svn25033.1.0-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-enctex.noarch                                     9:svn34957.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-enumitem.noarch                                   9:svn51423-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                               9:svn53546-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                                    9:svn56658-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-etex.noarch                                       9:svn56291-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                                   9:svn41784-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                                   9:svn53171-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                                   9:svn56554-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-euenc.noarch                                      9:svn19795.0.1h-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-euler.noarch                                      9:svn42428-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-euro.noarch                                       9:svn22191.1.1-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                                    9:svn25714-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-eurosym.noarch                                    9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-57.fc36      @updates                                             
texlive-everysel.noarch                                   9:svn57489-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-everyshi.noarch                                   9:svn57001-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-extsizes.noarch                                   9:svn17263.1.4a-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-fancybox.noarch                                   9:svn18304.1.4-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                                   9:svn64977-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-fancyref.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0.9c-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                                   9:svn57488-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-filecontents.noarch                               9:svn52142-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-filehook.noarch                                   9:svn56479-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-finstrut.noarch                                   9:svn21719.0.5-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-firstaid.noarch                                   9:svn58440-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-fix2col.noarch                                    9:svn38770-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-float.noarch                                      9:svn15878.1.3d-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-fontspec.noarch                                   9:svn56594-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-footmisc.noarch                                   9:svn23330.5.5b-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                              9:svn57618-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-fp.noarch                                         9:svn49719-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-fpl.noarch                                        9:svn54512-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-geometry.noarch                                   9:svn54080-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                             9:svn53170-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-graphics.noarch                                   9:svn56514-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                               9:svn41448-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                               9:svn58539-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-grfext.noarch                                     9:svn53024-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-grffile.noarch                                    9:svn52756-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                                    9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-helvetic.noarch                                   9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                     9:svn52810-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hologo.noarch                                     9:svn53048-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hopatch.noarch                                    9:svn56106-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hycolor.noarch                                    9:svn53584-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hyperref.noarch                                   9:svn58024-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                                  9:svn58619-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                                9:svn58630-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                                   9:svn57387-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                                    9:svn47544-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                                 9:svn45533-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-iftex.noarch                                      9:svn56594-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-index.noarch                                      9:svn24099.4.1beta-57.fc36          @updates                                             
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                                  9:svn53023-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-intcalc.noarch                                    9:svn53168-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                                   9:svn19440.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-kastrup.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                                  9:svn57963-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                                9:svn57963-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-koma-script.noarch                                9:svn58585-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                               9:svn53193-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                                  9:svn56609-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                                  9:svn53166-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-l3backend.noarch                                  9:svn59118-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                             9:svn57789-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                                   9:svn59118-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-l3packages.noarch                                 9:svn59118-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-latex.noarch                                      9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                                9:svn28888.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-latexbug.noarch                                   9:svn58151-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                                9:svn53525-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                                9:svn53022-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-lib.x86_64                                        9:20210325-47.fc36                  @anaconda                                            
texlive-lineno.noarch                                     9:svn57866-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-listings.noarch                                   9:svn55265-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-lm.noarch                                         9:svn58637-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-lm-math.noarch                                    9:svn36915.1.959-57.fc36            @updates                                             
texlive-logreq.noarch                                     9:svn53003-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                                   9:svn17533.1.74d-57.fc36            @updates                                             
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                                    9:svn56421-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                                    9:svn21927.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                             9:svn56414-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-luabidi.noarch                                    9:svn54512-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                              9:svn56541-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-lualibs.noarch                                    9:svn57277-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                     9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                                 9:svn52663-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                      9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-makecmds.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                                  9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                                9:svn54684-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-marginnote.noarch                                 9:svn48383-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-marvosym.noarch                                   9:svn29349.2.2a-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                                   9:svn52663-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mathspec.noarch                                   9:svn42773-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mathtools.noarch                                  9:svn58856-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.05.4-57.fc36           @updates                                             
texlive-memoir.noarch                                     9:svn58666-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-metafont.x86_64                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-metalogo.noarch                                   9:svn18611.0.12-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                     9:svn42428-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                                9:svn54512-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                     9:svn46036-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                     9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-microtype.noarch                                  9:svn58394-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-minitoc.noarch                                    9:svn48196-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                                   9:svn18651.1.4-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-modes.noarch                                      9:svn56303-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mparhack.noarch                                   9:svn59066-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                                    9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-ms.noarch                                         9:svn57473-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-multido.noarch                                    9:svn18302.1.42-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-natbib.noarch                                     9:svn20668.8.31b-57.fc36            @updates                                             
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                                   9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-newfloat.noarch                                   9:svn52906-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-notoccite.noarch                                  9:svn18129.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                                   9:svn56959-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-pagesel.noarch                                    9:svn56105-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-palatino.noarch                                   9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-paralist.noarch                                   9:svn43021-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-parallel.noarch                                   9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-parskip.noarch                                    9:svn58358-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                                   9:svn52912-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                                  9:svn53082-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                                  9:svn53047-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pdfmanagement-testphase.noarch                    9:svn59194-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                                   9:svn58212-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                     9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                                 9:svn55777-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pgf.noarch                                        9:svn57240-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-picture.noarch                                    9:svn54867-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-placeins.noarch                                   9:svn19848.2.2-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-plain.noarch                                      9:svn57963-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                                9:svn58869-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                     9:svn15878.3.04-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-pslatex.noarch                                    9:svn57434-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                     9:svn54694-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pspicture.noarch                                  9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                     9:svn17257.1.10-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                                   9:svn37377.1.07-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                                    9:svn15878.1.0-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.01-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                                   9:svn15878.1.06-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-pst-math.noarch                                   9:svn49425-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pst-node.noarch                                   9:svn54687-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                                    9:svn54963-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                                   9:svn54080-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pst-text.noarch                                   9:svn49542-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                                  9:svn54518-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                                   9:svn43272-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pstricks.noarch                                   9:svn58371-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                               9:svn53763-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-qstest.noarch                                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                                   9:svn57638-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-rcs.noarch                                        9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-realscripts.noarch                                9:svn56594-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-refcount.noarch                                   9:svn53164-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                             9:svn54841-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                       9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-sansmath.noarch                                   9:svn17997.1.1-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                             9:svn53628-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                               9:svn54191-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-section.noarch                                    9:svn20180.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-seminar.noarch                                    9:svn34011.1.62-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                     9:svn20186.2.0-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-setspace.noarch                                   9:svn24881.6.7a-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-showexpl.noarch                                   9:svn57414-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-soul.noarch                                       9:svn56495-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-stringenc.noarch                                  9:svn52982-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-subfig.noarch                                     9:svn15878.1.3-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-symbol.noarch                                     9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-tex.x86_64                                        9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                                   9:svn48058-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                              9:svn41264-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                              9:svn40533-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                         9:svn54176-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                                 9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch                   9:svn59096-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                            9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                              9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-textcase.noarch                                   9:svn52092-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                                   9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-times.noarch                                      9:svn35058.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-tipa.noarch                                       9:svn29349.1.3-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-titlesec.noarch                                   9:svn52413-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-tools.noarch                                      9:svn56514-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-translator.noarch                                 9:svn56052-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-transparent.noarch                                9:svn52981-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-txfonts.noarch                                    9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-typehtml.noarch                                   9:svn17134.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                                   9:svn38907-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-ucs.noarch                                        9:svn35853.2.2-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-underscore.noarch                                 9:svn18261.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                               9:svn56768-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                               9:svn56594-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                              9:svn53162-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-url.noarch                                        9:svn32528.3.4-57.fc36              @updates                                             
texlive-utopia.noarch                                     9:svn15878.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-varwidth.noarch                                   9:svn24104.0.92-57.fc36             @updates                                             
texlive-wasy.noarch                                       9:svn53533-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                                 9:svn53534-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-wasysym.noarch                                    9:svn54080-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                     9:svn41044-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                       9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                      9:20210325-47.fc36                  @fedora                                              
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                                9:svn45845-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xifthen.noarch                                    9:svn38929-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                                    9:svn57006-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                                    9:svn56594-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xpatch.noarch                                     9:svn54563-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xstring.noarch                                    9:svn49946-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
texlive-xunicode.noarch                                   9:svn30466.0.981-57.fc36            @updates                                             
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                                   9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-zapfding.noarch                                   9:svn31835.0-57.fc36                @updates                                             
texlive-zref.noarch                                       9:svn56611-57.fc36                  @updates                                             
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                         0.7.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                          0.7.3-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
thermald.x86_64                                           2.4.8-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
tigervnc-license.noarch                                   1.12.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                             
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                            1.12.0-6.fc36                       @updates                                             
time.x86_64                                               1.9-18.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
tldr.noarch                                               3.1.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
tmux.x86_64                                               3.3a-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
tmux-powerline.noarch                                     2.8.3-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
tor.x86_64                                                0.4.7.13-1.fc36                     @updates                                             
torbrowser-launcher.noarch                                0.3.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
torsocks.x86_64                                           2.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
totem.x86_64                                              1:42.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                    3.26.6-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                            1:42.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                         5.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                           3.2.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
traceroute.x86_64                                         3:2.1.2-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
tracker.x86_64                                            3.3.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
tracker-miners.x86_64                                     3.3.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
tree.x86_64                                               2.1.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                                    0.20.7-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
trousers.x86_64                                           0.3.15-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
trousers-lib.x86_64                                       0.3.15-6.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
tslib.x86_64                                              1.22-5.fc36                         @fedora                                              
twolame-libs.x86_64                                       0.4.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
tzdata.noarch                                             2022g-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
tzdata-java.noarch                                        2022g-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
uchardet.x86_64                                           0.0.6-15.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
udisks2.x86_64                                            2.9.4-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                      2.9.4-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                     1.17.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
unbound-libs.x86_64                                       1.17.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
unclutter-xfixes.x86_64                                   1.6-1.fc36                          @fedora                                              
unibilium.x86_64                                          2.1.1-2.fc36                        @fedora                                              
unicode-ucd.noarch                                        15.0.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
unoconv.noarch                                            0.9.0-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
unzip.x86_64                                              6.0-57.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
upower.x86_64                                             0.99.20-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
uresourced.x86_64                                         0.5.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                           20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                              20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                          20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                            20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                            20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                    20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                              20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                              20200910-11.fc36                    @updates                                             
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                     2.6.1-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                20191128-6.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
usbmuxd.x86_64                                            1.1.1-7.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
usbredir.x86_64                                           0.12.0-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
usbutils.x86_64                                           015-1.fc36                          @updates                                             
usermode.x86_64                                           1.114-4.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                      0.13.0-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
util-linux.x86_64                                         2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
util-linux-core.x86_64                                    2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
util-linux-user.x86_64                                    2.38-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                    2.9.0-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                   51-7.fc36                           @fedora                                              
vid.stab.x86_64                                           1.1.0-19.20201110gitf9166e9.fc36    @fedora                                              
vim-common.x86_64                                         2:9.0.1307-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
vim-data.noarch                                           2:9.0.1307-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1307-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
vim-filesystem.noarch                                     2:9.0.1307-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
vim-minimal.x86_64                                        2:9.0.1307-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
virglrenderer.x86_64                                      0.9.1-3.20210420git36391559.fc36    @anaconda                                            
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                         7.0.6-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
vlc.x86_64                                                1:3.0.18-2.fc36                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
vlc-core.x86_64                                           1:3.0.18-2.fc36                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                        0.1.3-18.fc36                       @updates                                             
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                    0.3.12-15.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
vpnc.x86_64                                               0.5.3-43.svn550.fc36                @anaconda                                            
vpnc-script.noarch                                        20220404-1.git40a8c62c.fc36         @updates                                             
vsftpd.x86_64                                             3.0.5-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
vte-profile.x86_64                                        0.68.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
vte291.x86_64                                             0.68.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                      1.3.204.0-1.fc36                    @anaconda                                            
w3m.x86_64                                                0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc36           @updates                                             
w3m-img.x86_64                                            0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc36           @updates                                             
wavpack.x86_64                                            5.5.0-2.fc36                        @updates                                             
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                              5-16.fc36                           @updates                                             
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                        2.38.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                                    2.38.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                            0.3.1-8.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
wget.x86_64                                               1.21.3-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
which.x86_64                                              2.21-32.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
whois-nls.noarch                                          5.5.15-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
wireless-regdb.noarch                                     2021.08.28-2.fc36                   @anaconda                                            
wireplumber.x86_64                                        0.4.13-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                   0.4.13-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
woff2.x86_64                                              1.0.2-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
words.noarch                                              3.0-39.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                     1:2.10-4.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                     1.12.1-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
x264-libs.x86_64                                          0.163-6.20210613git5db6aa6.fc36     @rpmfusion-free                                      
x265-libs.x86_64                                          3.5-5.fc36                          @rpmfusion-free-updates                              
xbacklight.x86_64                                         1.2.3-5.fc36                        @fedora                                              
xcb-util.x86_64                                           0.4.0-19.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                                    0.1.3-14.fc36                       @fedora                                              
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                     0.4.0-19.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                   0.4.0-17.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                0.3.9-20.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                        0.4.1-22.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                                       1.3-9.fc36                          @fedora                                              
xclip.x86_64                                              0.13-16.git11cba61.fc36             @fedora                                              
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                     0.1.3-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                 1.12.6-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                           42.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                             
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                             1.12.0-5.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                      0.17-10.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                  0.10-22.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xdg-utils.noarch                                          1.1.3-11.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                           1.3.2-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
xen-libs.x86_64                                           4.16.3-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
xen-licenses.x86_64                                       4.16.3-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
xfce4-clipman-plugin.x86_64                               1.6.2-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                        4.16.5-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
xfconf.x86_64                                             4.16.0-6.fc36                       @fedora                                              
xfsprogs.x86_64                                           5.14.2-2.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xhost.x86_64                                              1.0.8-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xisxwayland.x86_64                                        1-3.fc36                            @anaconda                                            
xkbcomp.x86_64                                            1.4.5-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                   2.35.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xml-common.noarch                                         0.6.3-58.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                           1.51.08-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                    1.51.08-1.fc36                      @updates                                             
xmlsec1.x86_64                                            1.2.33-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                        1.2.33-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                    1.2.33-3.fc36                       @updates                                             
xmodmap.x86_64                                            1.0.10-3.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                                22.0.0-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                   19.1.0-7.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                 2.10.6-11.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                 0.5.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                 2.99.917-52.20200205.fc36           @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                              1.2.1-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                               1:1.0.17-3.fc36                     @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                            0.6.400-3.20210215git5dbad06.fc36   @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                   0.1.5-20.fc35                       @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                  2.5.0-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                13.2.1-16.fc35                      @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                 1.0.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                  1.0.0-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                    7.5-33.fc36                         @fedora                                              
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                                7.5-33.fc36                         @fedora                                              
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                               1.20.14-18.fc36                     @updates                                             
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                           22.1.8-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                             1.20.14-18.fc36                     @updates                                             
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-2.fc36                      @anaconda                                            
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                     1.4.0-14.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
xprop.x86_64                                              1.2.3-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
xrandr.x86_64                                             1.5.1-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
xrdb.x86_64                                               1.2.1-3.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xsel.x86_64                                               1.2.0-30.fc36                       @fedora                                              
xss-lock.x86_64                                           0.3.0-17.20140302git.fc36           @fedora                                              
xvidcore.x86_64                                           1.3.7-9.fc36                        @updates                                             
xwininfo.x86_64                                           1.1.5-4.fc36                        @fedora                                              
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                        0.8.1-2.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
xz.x86_64                                                 5.4.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
xz-libs.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
yajl.x86_64                                               2.1.0-18.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
yelp.x86_64                                               2:42.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
yelp-libs.x86_64                                          2:42.1-1.fc36                       @anaconda                                            
yelp-xsl.noarch                                           42.0-1.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
youtube-dl.noarch                                         2021.12.17-2.fc36                   @fedora                                              
yt-dlp.noarch                                             2023.02.17-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                             2023.02.17-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
yt-dlp-zsh-completion.noarch                              2023.02.17-1.fc36                   @updates                                             
yum.noarch                                                4.14.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                             
zathura.x86_64                                            0.5.2-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
zathura-pdf-poppler.x86_64                                0.3.1-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                        1.2.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                    1.5-10.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
zenity.x86_64                                             3.42.1-2.fc36                       @updates                                             
zeromq.x86_64                                             4.3.4-3.fc36                        @fedora                                              
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                           0.7.2.2-23.fc36                     @updates                                             
zimg.x86_64                                               3.0.3-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
zip.x86_64                                                3.0-32.fc36                         @anaconda                                            
zlib.i686                                                 1.2.11-33.fc36                      @updates                                             
zlib.x86_64                                               1.2.11-33.fc36                      @updates                                             
zram-generator.x86_64                                     1.1.2-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                            1.1.2-1.fc36                        @anaconda                                            
zsh.x86_64                                                5.8.1-1.fc36                        @fedora                                              
zstd.x86_64                                               1.5.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                             
zvbi.x86_64                                               0.2.35-16.fc36                      @fedora                                              
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                          1.2.0-4.fc36                        @updates                                             
zziplib.x86_64                                            0.13.72-1.fc36                      @fedora                                              
